		 			Starting over is more about who you’re with than where you live...

			Julia del Mar Ortiz is not having the best year.

			She moved to Dallas with her boyfriend, who ended up ditching her and running back to New York after only a few weeks. Left with a massive—by NYC standards, anyway—apartment and a car lease in the scorching Texas heat, Julia is struggling...except that’s not completely true. Running the charitable foundation of one of the most iconic high fashion department stores in the world is serious #lifegoals.

			It’s more than enough to make her want to stick it out down South.

			The only monkey wrench in Julia’s plans is the blue-eyed, smart-mouthed consultant the store hired to take them public. Fellow New Yorker Rocco Quinn’s first order of business? Putting Julia’s job on the chopping block.

			When Julia is tasked with making sure Rocco sees how valuable the programs she runs are, she’s caught between a rock and a very hard set of abs. Because Rocco Quinn is almost impossible to hate—and even harder to resist.





		 			Praise for Adriana Herrera


“Herrera excels at creating the kind of rich emotional connections between her protagonists that romance readers will find irresistible.”

			—Booklist, starred review


“Incisive and modern, navigating the complexities of privilege, purpose and power, all while exploring intense passion.”

			—The Washington Post


“With American Dreamer, Adriana Herrera positions herself as a fresh and vital new voice in romance.... In Herrera’s writing, justice and happily-ever-afters are served fresh (with a tantalizing menu to boot).”

			—Entertainment Weekly


“Herrera’s work remains compulsively readable. She crafts lively Latinx characters with instant, electric chemistry that sings on the page, and handles realistic obstacles in a relatable manner.”

			—Publishers Weekly, starred review


“Adriana Herrera writes romance with teeth—you’ll laugh, you’ll cry, and you’ll be refreshed and inspired to fight even harder to create the vibrant, welcoming America in which her books are set.”

			—New York Times bestselling author Suzanne Brockman


“[Adriana Herrera] is writing some of my favorite Afro-Latinx characters and giving us beautiful love stories along the way.”

			—National Book Award winner Elizabeth Acevedo (The Poet X)


“Herrera masterfully combines the fun, gooey, interpersonal, romantic stuff with plots that are firmly grounded in reality and involve social justice. The result is contemporary romance that matters, stories that reveal an abundance of inconvenient truths about society.”

			—BookRiot





		 			Also available from Adriana Herrera

and Carina Press

			The Dreamers series

			American Dreamer

			American Fairytale

			American Love Story

			American Sweethearts

			American Christmas

			Also available from Adriana Herrera

			Mangos and Mistletoe

			Finding Joy





		 			HERE TO STAY

			Adriana Herrera





		 			To the family I’ve found in every place I’ve called home since I left my homeland.





		 			Here to Stay deals with topics some readers may find difficult, including domestic violence and the deportation of immigrants.





		 			Contents

			Chapter One

			Chapter Two

			Chapter Three

			Chapter Four

			Chapter Five

			Chapter Six

			Chapter Seven

			Chapter Eight

			Chapter Nine

			Chapter Ten

			Chapter Eleven

			Chapter Twelve

			Chapter Thirteen

			Chapter Fourteen

			Chapter Fifteen

			Chapter Sixteen

			Chapter Seventeen

			Chapter Eighteen

			Chapter Nineteen

			Chapter Twenty

			Chapter Twenty-One

			Chapter Twenty-Two

			Chapter Twenty-Three

			Chapter Twenty-Four

			Chapter Twenty-Five

			Chapter Twenty-Six

			Chapter Twenty-Seven

			Chapter Twenty-Eight

			Chapter Twenty-Nine

			Chapter Thirty

			Chapter Thirty-One

			Chapter Thirty-Two

			Epilogue

			Acknowledgments

			Excerpt from American Dreamer by Adriana Herrera





Chapter One


			Julia

			If you assumed that being a grown-ass woman who paid her bills and lived ten states away from my Dominican mother meant she would not be all up in my business, you’d be wrong.

			“Mami, I gotta go. I need to go and see my boss. It’s important.” My stomach dipped, remembering how pressed my boss had sounded on the phone. Gail, who was usually cool as a cucumber, was pretty flustered when she’d asked to see me. Not that I blamed her. Things around here were getting more stressful by the minute. My new job, on paper, was a dream.

			Program director for the Sturm Foundation. Not only did I get to do the work I was passionate about, but I was also employed by one of the most iconic high-end department stores in the world. There was also that seriously impressive employee discount.

			Sample sales and meaningful work... I was living the dream.

			Except as soon as I got to Dallas, the boyfriend I moved across the country for dumped me for his side-chick. And now six months later when I finally felt like I was settling in, things had taken a not-so-great turn at work. So arriving late to an important meeting with my boss was not the best move I’d ever made, and yet here I was in a hallway making a personal call. Because my family was my Kryptonite and they knew it.

			“Okay, pero abuelita wants to say hi.” My mother was aware things at my job were stressful, but that did not keep her from laying on the guilt. “You know she gets worried about you down there by yourself.” You’d think instead of Dallas I’d relocated to the moon. I hoped my mother didn’t start with the guilt trip and demands to come back home. I was not in the mood and it was not the time.

			I looked around the empty hallway to check if anyone was around and nodded like my mother could see me. “Fine, Mami, but just one minute.” Sturm’s headquarters was in a downtown Dallas building built in 1914. It was gorgeous inside and out like only vintage architecture could be, but the halls were narrow and the ceilings low, so it wasn’t like I could go unnoticed while lurking in a corner. I wasn’t trying to get myself on the radar of anyone who could fire me, especially now that we seemed to be in a Code Red at the foundation. After just a couple of months into my new position, the higher-ups at Sturm’s had announced that the fashion empire was preparing to go public after almost sixty years as a private company. They’d hired a firm to help them in the process and in the last week they had deployed a team of men and women that had been power walking through the hallways looking like a wolf pack hunting for prey. They were very easy to spot in their dark and boring suits, a striking contrast to the Sturm’s workforce, who, no matter what shape or size, always looked runway ready.

			Gail had warned me that our program—hell, the whole foundation—was on the team leader’s radar and very likely to end up on the chopping block. So, me chatting on my phone instead of sitting at my cube working was not likely to go over well. I winced, remembering I’d seen him walking around this morning.

			“Lita, mija, are you still there?” I almost jumped three feet in the air when the voice of my grandmother startled me out of my anxious inner ramblings.

			“Aqui estoy, Abue.”

			“Your mami said you’re trying to meet strangers from the computer.” I cracked a smile at my grandmother’s suspicion for anything that happened via the internet.

			“Abue, I am not meeting people from the computer. They all work here.” I could barely hold back a laugh as a round of tongue clicking ensued. “We’re just planning a meetup using an app, because the company is big and we don’t all know each other.” I tried to sound as reassuring as possible because neither my mother nor my grandmother were above getting on a plane and crashing my happy hour.

			There was more shuffling, which probably meant that someone else was getting a turn at instructing me on how to be a functioning adult.

			“Li.” My name is Julia. A pretty short name, but somehow my family had come up with at least twenty variations to it.

			Julita, Lita, Li, Tali...the five letters of my name offered infinite possibilities for my relatives.

			“Mija, are you listening?” And it seemed my mother was still not done.

			“Si, Mami.” I managed to keep the sigh all the way down in my chest.

			“Did you get the thing I sent you?”

			I was grateful for the fact that we were not on FaceTime and twisted my mouth to the side, because my mother truly did too much.

			“You mean the box full of dry beans and adobo? Seriously, Yolanda.” I smirked picturing her narrowing her eyes at me using her name.

			“Fresca.” I laughed at that, my mother was not down with me calling her by her name. “I’m not one of your little friends, Julia del Mar.”

			I cleared my throat in an effort to at least sound a bit less like I was laughing at her. “How am I being fresh? You know it’s true. With all the Goya food you’ve sent me I just need to get a Yankees fitted and I’ll be able to open a bodega out of my apartment.”

			“Tan exagerada.” She tried really hard to sound mad, but I could hear the hint of a smile in her voice.

			“I’m not exaggerating. I got pounds of guandules in my apartment.”

			My mother had taken my move hard. I knew she missed me. I missed her too, but I was determined to make a go of things here. I would not go back to New York City with my tail between my legs.

			“I know it’s disappointing, but I need to do this right now, okay?” I pushed down the knot in my throat and tried to scare off the tears pooling in my eyes by staring up at the ceiling. Crying on the phone with my mother would really set off a rescue operation. “I need to stay here, and see this job through. Matt wasn’t the only reason why I came to Texas.”

			I cringed at my slip. Mentioning my ex’s name would send my mother and abuela to the land of petty in a hot second.

			It took less than that. “It’s all that pendejo’s fault, making you move down there and leaving you to chase after some sucia from his office.” I miraculously managed to keep another sigh inside. “I knew that boy was trouble from the day I met him. What kind of decent person comes to meet his girlfriend’s family empty-handed? Not even a loaf of bread or some fruit in all those years. Nada.”

			Yes, she was still holding that grudge.

			The disbelief in my mother’s voice would’ve been funny at any other moment, but the last thing I wanted to do right now was get into a conversation about my ill-fated move and my ex’s trifling ass.

			“Mami, I don’t want to talk about Matt. Yes, he’s trash, but he doesn’t matter anymore. This year is about me, no romance, no distractions. Nada.” I sliced the air with my hand as if she could see me. “I’m focusing on my job, which I actually love, and trying to build a life here. Esta bien, Mami? Can you guys support me in that?”

			That was a low blow, because my mom, all of my family really, was nothing but supportive.

			“Mija. I just worry. It’s so hot in that place.”

			Oh no, not the heat again. I was never going to get to that meeting.

			“It’s so dry. Mariita told me when she went there her hands cracked. Did you get the lotion I sent you?”

			My mother was convinced the regular drugstore hand lotions from New York City were somehow more effective than the ones in Dallas and sent me so many tubes I could probably stay moisturized through a zombie apocalypse.

			“You know I did. Don’t send me any more, Mami. I only have two hands, and you sent me enough to keep my skin supple for decades.”

			“Muchachita.” Her voice had that familiar mix of love and exasperation that defined our relationship. “Okay, bye, but remember to drink lots of water, mija. Our people are not built for that dry heat.” I ended the call after agreeing to do everything she said, including walking around with the jug with a straw she’d sent me.

			I realized I’d accidentally had my mother on speaker—she was so loud I could no longer tell the difference—when I heard what sounded very much like someone trying not to choke from trying not to laugh.

			Awesome.

			It had to be about my call. My mother’s voice carried for miles. But I didn’t look up to find out who was laughing their ass off at my expense and focused on the text I had from my boss. I could be mortified in a minute.

			Are you on your way??

			I quickly typed a response as I stepped up to the elevator that would take me up to the “executive” floor.

			Going up to you now.

			I fired that message off and kept my attention on the elevator door, trying not to read into Gail’s unusual urgency. Pushy was not her style and she’d sent four messages in ten minutes. My boss usually channeled a Super Soul Sunday vibe in her texts. The double question mark was not a good sign, and the fact she was keeping strictly to the point was definitely concerning.

			Something was up.

			I stepped into the elevator and shoved my phone into the pocket of my dress, took a moment to send a prayer to the employee discount that let me buy bomb clothes on a nonprofit worker budget, and did some mental math of what could be going on.

			Was the program really in trouble? Could we actually get shut down?

			Nope, I would not go there. I would not think about what it would be like to get on a plane back to New York dumped and unemployed. Not happening.

			A distraction. That’s what I needed. Just as the door to the elevator was about to close, someone got in. The fact that I was eye level with the base of his throat was a good clue as to who it was, but when he opened his mouth and the now familiar knee-weakening baritone echoed off the walls of the elevator, I got my confirmation.

			“Morning, Ms. Ortiz.” That voice could be used for interrogation tactics. Every muscle in my body loosened at the same time whenever I heard it.

			I squeaked out a “Morning” and took my time lifting my head all the way up to look at the last person in the world I wanted overhearing my conversation with my mother.

			Him.

			Rocco Fucking Quinn, otherwise known as the “Team Leader” for the consulting firm looking to bag my job. The guy with the New York City-est name on the planet. I hadn’t exactly gotten personal with Mr. Quinn, but I picked up on that accent the first time we met.

			“What’s good?” I really tried to sound polite, but my Queens jumped out in situations like this. I did not gulp, because I could not let this fucker see me sweat. I managed not to cut my eyes at him, but it was a close call.

			I took him in, ramrod straight, every hair in its place, not a wrinkle in sight, and decided he could not be the proprietor of the laugh-choke from before. The man seemed to be completely lacking a sense of humor. I knew he must have teeth but I’d never seen them.

			Yeah, definitely not him. That fact rallied my spirits a little bit as I stood close enough to pick up on how he smelled. Like the ocean and something woodsy. That was not helpful information.

			Without saying another word, I ran my eyes over him. It struck me that he was not wearing something bespoke like pretty much everyone here. Don’t get me wrong, he still looked good enough to eat, but he was clearly on a budget. And at a place where everyone looked like they were heading to a New York Fashion Week photo shoot, it was sort of jarring. Still, the suit fit him well. And there was no question, this guy could wear the fuck out of a suit. I held back a whimper when I envisioned him in a Brioni or a Zegna. They’d have to put out a heat advisory for the building if that ever happened.

			“I thought I could detect a familiar accent when I was coming down the hall.” His perfectly blue eyes twinkled at what I was certain was an expression of utter mortification on my face. He sounded pleasant enough, but he was also alluding to the fact that I was yapping on my phone. This wasn’t the first time he tried to be cute. Rocco Quinn seemed to like fucking with me. And it was only a matter of time before he stepped on my last nerve and I reamed him out.

			Thankfully, just as I was scrambling to respond to his comment, the elevator got to my floor. I was planning to just leave him hanging and run off, but he was hot on my heels.

			Dammit.

			“Sounds like your mom misses you.”

			Oh, for fuck’s sake. Why did he have to act all fake nice?

			I nodded without looking at him. “She does. Listen, Mr. Quinn—”

			“You can call me Rocco.”

			Nope, that was not happening. I was not letting this sexy bastard talk me into getting all chummy with him. I was already on thin ice as it was. He could keep his pheromones and his slick-as-fuck expressions to his damn self. I came to a dead stop a few feet away from the conference room door where my boss—and whatever shitty news she was about to give me—was waiting.

			When I turned around, Rocco was looking down at me with an expectant smile. God he was handsome, that jet-black hair so dark it almost had a tinge of blue and those eyes, piercing. And I guess he had teeth after all, and of course they were perfect. Asshole. I shook my head hard when my traitorous brain started wondering what Pantone color his eyes would be.

			Get your head in the game, Julia del Mar.

			I straightened my back, determined to fight off the debilitating effects of those gleaming teeth and perfectly pink lips. I had to remember this niceness was probably his way of getting us to let our guard down. He was here to find ways to cut jobs. I was not about to mouth off and get myself fired, but I needed to get some things clear.

			“Look.” I was proud of myself for not rolling my neck or pointing at his face. “I know you’re trying to be nice, but you make me nervous.” I pulled on the hem of my blue polka-dot dress and smoothed my yellow cardigan, avoiding eye contact at all costs.

			“Why do I make you nervous?”

			Uh, maybe because you’re here to close down as much of the foundation as you can.

			I refrained from actually saying that because I had not been raised by a Puerto Rican man and Dominican woman just so I could act like I had no home training with the guy who could get me fired. But it was a close call.

			“I’m sorry for saying that. You don’t make me nervous.”

			Lies.

			Rocco Quinn didn’t just make me nervous. He made me want to run my hands all over that big-ass body and moon over his almost but not quite curly hair and blue eyes, in spite of the fact that I knew he was out here gunning for my entire program. And yet, I still wanted to kiss the hell out of him while I climbed him like a sequoia.

			Enough.

			I cleared my throat, while he looked at me like he was trying to read my mind. Jesus, I’d probably just jumped up like ten spots on his list of people to fire. In an effort to calm myself down, I looked down at my cream and navy blue Mary Janes and resisted the urge of tapping the heels to see if I could Dorothy my way out of this mess. When I looked back up, he was still looking at me expectantly, like he was watching his favorite telenovela and could not wait to see what bananas plot twist was coming next.

			I jerked a thumb over my shoulder, still flustered but powering through. “I have to go see my boss.” Nod. Smile. Eye contact. “Have a good day, Mr. Quinn.” There was no way I was calling him Rocco.

			I stepped into the large conference room thinking that little interlude could not have gone more perfectly terrible, and made my way to Gail, who was sitting on her own at one end of the table.

			As soon as I reached her, I knew shit was worse than I’d thought. Gail’s usual calm demeanor was gone and she looked full-on frazzled.

			“Hey, sorry it took me so long to get up here,” I said as I sat down next to her, trying to figure out what were all the papers strewn around the table.

			Gail usually wore some colorful tops and slacks to work, but today she was in a very solemn slate pantsuit and blue oxford shirt.

			“I just met with the executive team.” She closed her eyes as she spoke and pushed her fingers into the space between her eyebrows, as if trying to fend off a tension headache. This was a woman who meditated during lunch every day.

			This could not be good.

			“Okay.”

			She sighed, and opened her eyes. She looked exhausted and it was barely noon. “Basically all our programs are being looked at closely and some will get cut.” A hole opened in my stomach and I had to force myself to speak calmly.

			“What does that mean?”

			Gail ran a hand over her white hair. Her carefully styled pixie cut was a bit in disarray today.

			“For now, it means that we need to make sure we show the consultants why our programs are important.” She scowled at whatever popped into her head and looked to the conference room door, expectantly. “The twins are not happy about this and they will fight like hell to keep everything going. Davidson’s, this firm they’ve brought in, has a good reputation and it’s known for making transitions that don’t steamroll the company’s values. Still, they’re here to do a job.” She lifted her hands like that could placate the panic that was probably written all over my face.

			I was too freaked out to answer so I took a moment to mull over the information Gail had just thrown at me. The Twins were Mitzy and Muffy Sturm, the granddaughters of the founder of the company and two of the three majority owners. They had been the ones who’d, after watching the news and what was happening to children at the border, had come to Gail and expressed their desire to fund a program for immigrant and refugee children. Gail had come up with a trauma-informed after-school program for middle and high school kids and a trauma-specialized counseling center for families. I’d been hired to develop and run the after-school program.

			Gail cleared her throat and I braced for whatever she was going to say. “But Mitzy and Muffy are not the only ones who get a say.” I knew there was another sibling, but he was sort of a mystery to me. “Their younger brother, Duke, is the one behind the push to go public, and he does not seem to have any use for the foundation, much less new initiatives costing the company millions. He’s the one who pushed for hiring the consulting firm.”

			Bile rose up my throat when I thought of how messy I’d been with Rocco. Fuck.

			“We’ve barely started the semester. Where does this leave us?”

			I’d arrived in Dallas in late spring in order to set up the program for the start of the school year. It had taken an enormous amount of work to get everything ready, but we’d managed. Gail had been a huge driver in that effort. She was not one to cower in front of a challenge and at my question, the woman who I’d grown to admire and respect in the six months we’d been working together was suddenly in front of me.

			“We show them we’re too important to cut.”

			I nodded woodenly, definitely not feeling as fired up as Gail. It didn’t help that she gulped for whatever she was saying next. Whatever was coming was some bullshit, but before she had a chance to say it there was knock on the conference room door. Gail’s back went up and my stomach dropped somewhere around my Mary Janes. This would not be good.

			I turned around to catch my elevator buddy poking his head in with a big smile on his face. All of a sudden this asshole was all teeth. “Are you ready for me?”

			“Yes, of course.” Gail’s voice sounded mad fake as she waved him over.

			I shot a look at her, certain that whatever she didn’t get to tell me had everything to do with the fact that this gorgeous, oversized motherfucker was sauntering over to us, looking like poorly dressed perfection.

			I stood up and knocked over a can of Diet Coke, hitting my elbow on the table so hard I belted out a curse. As I stood there rubbing my injured limb, I realized Gail had stayed in her seat and was looking at me like she might have seriously misjudged my ability to be helpful in this situation.

			“Julia.” I had no idea how Gail could pack so much warning and encouragement into one word, but I had to admit, I was impressed. “Part of what the executive board has asked for is that we fill Mr. Quinn and his team in on the work our programs do.”

			I didn’t really fully panic until I saw Gail doing Vanna White hands between me and Rocco. I opened my mouth to say something but Gail started talking before I put my whole foot in my mouth.

			“Rocco, Julia will be showing you around our programs over the next few weeks. She’s the best person to do it, since she developed our new after-school program and clinic. I believe those are the areas of most interest to Mr. Sturm.”

			No wonder Gail was stressed out.

			I turned to Rocco and flashed him my best attempt at a smile as I very quickly tried to roll with the bomb Gail had just dropped on me.

			“I’ll be happy to fill you in on whatever you need to know.” I glanced over at my boss, who was starting to look a little pale.

			He dipped his head, with that smirk that I couldn’t decide whether I wanted to kiss or bite off his face. Either way, teeth would be involved.

			“Excellent.”

			I managed to produce a nod and some upward movement of my lips.

			“Sure,” I choked out as he beamed at me.

			The programs, the funding, and my job now depended on me not fucking this up. On me not making a fool of myself with this man, whose mere presence made me act like a full-on wreck.

			Forget before, this was perfectly terrible.





Chapter Two


			Rocco

			Julia Ortiz was throwing me off my game. Just my luck to finally take a project out of the Tristate area and I land in a place that was literally crawling with New Yorkers.

			One of them in particular was bringing me to distraction a lot more than was advisable. Julia was a Queens girl through and through—and a diversion I could not afford. Her flawless skin was like a beacon every time I saw her around the office. It was like the woman walked around with the access code to all of my fucking buttons. My plans to be the hard-ass on this job had been utterly blown out of the water once I learned I’d be working with her.

			It wasn’t like she’d given me any reason to think I had a shot with her. Julia knew I was the enemy and she treated me as such. The look on her face when her boss told her she’d have to show me her programs was acidic enough to melt the paint off the conference room wall. She’d twisted her mouth to the side and narrowed those gorgeous brown eyes, looking just a little bit murderous. I couldn’t blame her either. I was here to disrupt her life and possibly shut down her job and the entire fucking foundation.

			It was what I’d been sent here to do.

			Sure, we could pretend I was “assessing,” but the truth was that even though technically we’d been hired by all three Sturm siblings, Duke Sturm and the board brought in Davidson and Partners for one reason: to get this company ready to go public.

			My promotion and more depended on making sure it happened. No matter what Julia Ortiz’s luscious ass and full mouth did to me, there was too much riding on this for me to fuck it up. There was just too much depending on this for the firm and for me to let my head get turned by a woman who looked like she could barely stand the sight of me. The only sensible thing to do was to focus on my work and keep my thoughts as far away from Julia’s curves as possible.

			I looked at my monitor and saw there were two new emails. One was from Julia, probably to arrange times for me to go see the programs. Instead of opening it like I was dying to, I ignored it. Nothing good could come of giving in to my urges when it came to this woman. Instead I clicked on the email from Tariq Ozuna, one of my team members, who was usually distracting in ways that wouldn’t get me fired. It was a forwarded evite and the subject line was “Gotham Exiles Club.” It looked like it was for some kind of happy hour.

			The title of the meetup was a little extra, but I could use a drink and some time with people who took the edge off the homesickness I’d been feeling since I’d been in Dallas. Before I got a chance to look at the link to the event, I heard the staccato of killer heels coming down the hallway to my office, and prepared for the incoming barrage of “y’alls” and “sweethearts” headed my way.

			“Oh, Muffy, he’s still here.”

			As soon as I heard the Southern drawl of two of my new bosses, I turned my chair around to face them. Mitzy and Muffy, two-thirds of the Sturm empire.

			“Ladies, how can I help you?” I stood up to greet them as they made their way into my office. I didn’t have to fake a friendly smile with Mitzy and Muffy. Even though they were not on board with the plan to go public, they’d been nothing but kind to me.

			I extended a hand to the leather club chairs in front of my desk. “Please take a seat.” Without a word, they both sat down, their movements almost identical. I showed my teeth in what I hoped was a smile and smothered any thoughts related to Julia, happy hours, or anything that could interfere with me getting this job done.

			“Thanks goodness we caught you. We just wanted to check on a couple of things now that you’ve connected with Gail at the foundation.” I could tell they were going with the “kill ’em with kindness” tactic. I didn’t doubt they were sincere, but they were also going way out of their way for these check-ins, when nothing had happened yet. But between them and their asshole brother, I’d pick them any day.

			“Anything you need,” I said, with a dip of my head, smile still very much firmly in place.



* * *



			Mitzy and Muffy were an interesting pair. They were both “bachelorettes” in their mid-fifties, and nothing about these two women could ever be called average. For one, they were always wearing clothes I’d only ever seen in high-fashion magazines. But what made everything just a bit on the surreal side was that they almost always dressed in different shades of the same color. Mitzy always wore skirts and dresses, hair styled in a short bob that reminded me of that famous fashion lady who ran the Met Gala. Muffy on the other hand went for bespoke pantsuits, her silver hair cut in a no-nonsense crew cut.

			Today was apparently blue day. Mitzy was wearing a long skirt in like ten shades of dark blue, and a denim top, and Muffy was in one of her trademark pantsuits, this one navy. I tried not to stare for too long, and waited for them to get on with whatever it was they were here for. So far they seemed set on bringing me over to their side. I would be staying on whatever side got me a promotion and back to New York City at the end of this job.

			“Did things go well with the program director?”

			The twitch in my eye at the mere mention of Julia was going to be a real fucking problem. “Things went well. We have to hammer out the details, but I should be able to get a sense for the work the foundation does. Mind you, I am not the last word on any on this.” I tried to smooth out any trace of an edge in my voice as I spoke. I could stay on task without being rude. And besides, though the twins and I could’ve been from different planets, I liked them.

			I appreciated how invested they were in their company and their people. It was clear Mitzy and Muffy felt a lot of pride in the fact that Sturm’s was a family-owned business; they took that “family” thing seriously. From the first day, they’d been worried about how I was getting on and made sure I got everything my team needed. I was a New Yorker and by nature assumed anyone being nice was up to something, but my spidey senses kept telling me these two were the real deal.

			I cleared my throat as they both waited for me to get to the point. “We make recommendations, the board and you decide what stays and what goes.”

			“Right.” Muffy rolled her eyes as she crossed her legs into a pose identical to her sister. “We just wanted to make sure things were on track. We know you’re thankfully not in Duke’s pockets.”

			I swallowed hard at that. I wasn’t in anyone’s pockets, that was true, but that didn’t mean they didn’t have me by the balls.

			Mitzy nodded at what her sister had said and gave me an angelic smile that rivaled the one my two-year-old niece gave me when she wanted a treat. “We also wanted to hear if Phil talked to you about that little thing he seems so worried about.” She said “Phil” like she’d just bitten into something sour, and I couldn’t say I blamed her.

			As far as I could tell Phil Brentwood, their CFO, was a bully with a short fuse. “The little thing” was his hard-on for doing away with anything that could put the IPO plans in jeopardy. He couldn’t care less about the foundation and would be thrilled to see it shut down.

			My stomach roiled as it hit me, again, the shitty position I was in. I had the people who hired me pulling me in two different directions. No matter what my team and I ended up recommending, one side wasn’t going to be happy. And again I reminded myself the only thing I was here to do was get that IPO off the ground, not make friends in Dallas high society.

			Despite the stress I was feeling, I had to smile at the twins. They looked so innocent waiting for me to spill my guts. They could play the “we’re just clueless Southern belles,” but these two were sharks. Sturm’s was already a big name when they took over after their father died fifteen years ago. But since then, the twins had done for Sturm’s what Marc Jacobs did for Louis Vuitton. They turned it into a brand that people associated with luxury, but made it accessible. Sturm’s commitment to social justice causes was one of the things that made it appealing to millennials.

			Their foundation—which the twins had tripled in size since they took over—had supported hundreds of first-generation college students. And recently they’d sponsored multiple LGBT+ and PoC political candidates to run for office. Those efforts made them unique in the world of high-end retail, and the twins were right to want to protect that side of their business.

			“I’ve spoken to Phil,” I confirmed, and waited for whatever it was they were actually here to say.

			Muffy spoke this time and, like her sister, she was treating me with kid gloves. “Rocco, we have appreciated how you’ve come into the company and worked on getting to know all the players. That is one of the reasons we agreed to work with your firm. You have a reputation of really trying to understand the culture and values of the businesses you’re working with.”

			She was right. The way Davidson’s worked was by immersing ourselves in the company before we made a single suggestion. The firm built rapport and gained the trust of the company and staff first, so the sometimes-drastic adjustments that needed to be made before a public offering could go smoothly.

			It sounded a lot more heartwarming than it was. It was all calculated and strategic and we were not actually supposed to start liking the people we were working for. We just needed to get them malleable enough to achieve our goals.

			Part of that was reassuring them their priorities were being considered. “Of course. I know your foundation programs are important, which is why I’m taking the time to see them myself.”

			And the fact that Julia will be my guide has nothing to do with my motives.

			Muffy leaned in as if to drive in the point she was about to make. “Sturm’s is known for having a robust and innovative charitable arm. It’s part of the brand.” She leaned in and winked at me like she was about to let me on a secret. “Rich people can feel good about spending money here because they know a lot of it goes to a good cause. That’s why we have more exclusive lines with the hottest designers in the industry than any other luxury department store. People spend fortunes here because of our mission.”

			This was not a place I was going with them. I’d be damned if I showed them any sort of bias before I even started working. I cleared my throat, and went with the “this won’t hurt a bit” smile.

			“I can’t promise that I won’t make recommendations for some changes or cuts for the foundation, because it is a significant part of your budget. Almost double what other companies your size are doing in their social responsibility arms. But—”

			I held up my hand, conceding the point they were both about to make. “I realize this is an integral part of Sturm’s. I won’t take that lightly. I assure you.”

			They seemed to relax a bit with that. “We appreciate it and even believe you mean it, but we also know Phil is an asshole and a cheat.”

			I was going to stress again that I would not take sides, when my phone started vibrating on top of my desk and a text from Tariq appeared on the screen. Mitzy and Muffy took that as their cue and stood up in unison.

			“We’ve done enough damage to Phil for today and it’s getting late.”

			I chuckled at their disdain for the CFO and stood up to walk them to the door.

			“Ladies, rest assured we will look at everything before we start making our report.” They nodded and walked out, looking slightly less distressed than when they’d arrived.

			When I got to my desk, I saw that I now had a message from my sister and the phone was lighting up with a call from Tariq. I decided to take his call first in case anything had come up with the project.

			“What’s up, man?”

			“Did you RSVP? Dani and I are going home to change and then heading over there.” I rolled my eyes as I sat back down.

			“RSVP for what? I don’t know if I can go out tonight.”

			Tariq was one of the junior consultants on the team and sort of my mentee. He was sharp as they came and we’d become close since he’d started at Davidson’s over a year ago. He was also the friendliest guy on the planet. When we were on a project, Tariq could get the goods from staff better than the most seasoned veteran, because everyone loved him. Which was just one of the many reasons why I’d picked him to come to Sturm’s. Tariq was as sunny as the Honduran beaches he’d grown up on. I, on other hand, had the broodiness that could only be produced from five generations of mixing Woodside Irish with Corona Italians.

			Tariq helped me to not be such a scowling asshole on the job, which did help. Only downside was that no matter where we were, he was instantly the most popular guy in town. We’d only been at Sturm’s for a few weeks and he was already best friends with Dani Andam, one of the top marketing guys in the company and a bona fide Instagram celebrity. Still, I wasn’t up for socializing, especially after my little interaction with the twins.

			“My dude, check the email. I got a feeling you’re going to be up for this one.” I could hear the grin in his voice. It was impossible to stay pissed when Tariq was around.

			“Fine, give me a second,” I said, feigning exasperation, as I clicked to actually open the email this time.

			Gotham Exiles Club-Happy Hour

			If you’re an ex-New Yorker working at Sturm’s come have a cocktail and shit talk the MTA with me at Rose Dove Gastro Pub.

			Date: This Friday!!

			Time: 7:00-Who cares they got $5 Margs and it’s Friday!

			I was chuckling at the invitation until I got to the end and saw the name of the host.

			Julia Ortiz.

			I coughed, choking on the laugh that got stuck in my throat.

			“Julia’s organizing this?”

			I didn’t have to tell Tariq why I sounded flustered; his favorite new game was giving me shit for mooning after her.

			“That’s right, baby. Julia and a few others have been wanting to do some kind of ex-New Yorkers get-together since there are so many of us at Sturm’s. You know her and Dani are tight, so I got an invite and I hooked you up.”

			Great. I was going to crash her party too, like I wasn’t enough of a pain in her ass.

			“Riq, I don’t know man, it’s not cool to invite people to something you got invited to.”

			Tariq clicked his tongue, clearly running low on patience.

			“Just RSVP, Rocco. You know you’re dying to go.”

			I could lie, but what was the use?

			Shit. I should be more professional than this. I stared at one of the cuff links that my sister had given me for my birthday this year, the nickname my niece used for me engraved in it: “Unca Rock.”

			I was here for them, and I could not get distracted by crushes that were going nowhere. But what would it hurt to go for one drink? Like my sister told me all the time, I had to at least try to have a life.

			“Did you do it?” Tariq was one pushy fucker.

			“Give me a second. I’m thinking.” I was very close to whining.

			“Damn, Rocco, you’re doing the most right now.” Tariq’s voice was tight, and I wasn’t sure if he was really irritated or just laughing at me, but before I lost my nerve I hit yes.

			“Done, you pushy son of a bitch.”

			The cackling on the other end told me he’d been laughing at me the whole time.

			“I knew you’d cave. See you at the parking lot in ten?”

			I nodded distractedly, still looking at the box on the screen that said, “Will attend.”

			I had no idea why my heart thought this was a reason to break out of my chest, but it needed to calm down, and talk to my dick while it was at it.

			“Actually, I’ll see you there. I want to check in on Sofia and Blue.” The mention of my sister and niece mollified him a bit and we ended the call. But instead of calling my sister like I needed to, I clicked on the little icon over Julia’s name that had a picture of her. I leaned in, getting closer to the monitor, and my breath hitched when I saw Julia Ortiz in her natural habitat.

			The photo showed her from the back. I grinned at the idea that, like me, she didn’t believe in putting out too much personal shit for any nut to look at. The cynical New Yorker stereotype wasn’t all bullshit.

			This was a different version of Julia from the one I’d seen. Her curly hair, which so far I’d only seen up in complex braids around her head or buns, was flowing down her back in a huge mass of curls. I stared at the screen, taking her in. She was on the boardwalk on the Brooklyn Bridge in a yellow sundress, showing toned calves and an ass I could write poetry about.

			A New York City girl.

			Her arms were above her head and it looked like she was just strolling along, enjoying the sun. I got a feeling that whoever took that photo only had eyes for her. I felt a pang of jealousy for that person. That she knew them well enough to trust them like that. Her back to them and her arms in the air, free.

			I imagined her turning her face over her shoulder to look at the camera, bright and happy. The way I hadn’t seen her yet. I had my face pressed so close to the screen I could feel the heat of the monitor. I felt a hunger to see this real-life version of Julia. The curve of her neck, those brown shoulders and hair streaked with gold. I imagined her laughing as she walked, and I felt the pull of something I thought I’d weaned myself off for good.

			Longing. A deep and unsettling want. I hadn’t wanted like that in a long time, and this was not the time to start indulging, or the woman to do it with.

			I shook my head and closed the tab with Julia’s profile. Maybe I was better off not going to this thing. This was a dumb idea, and I was already going down a road that could prove problematic. I was about to cancel the RSVP when my cell phone started vibrating on my desk with a call from my sister, Sofia.

			“Hey, sis. How’s you?” I tried not to immediately ask if something was wrong. I worried about her, but I could not take on all of my sister’s problems.

			“Hey, bro. You get some cowboy boots yet?” I could barely contain the exhale when I heard her sounding happy. No disaster on the horizon tonight.

			“Not yet, but I saw some little kid ones the other day and I almost bought a pair for Blue. How’s the baby girl?”

			She laughed at that. My sister wasn’t perfect, but she was a great mom to her kid. “Good, she loves staying at Unca Rock’s place.”

			I’d asked Sofia to stay at my place with Blue since I’d be gone for a few months. I had more space in Astoria and lived closer to the train than her little apartment in Rego Park.

			Sofia had gotten pregnant at nineteen when she’d been couch surfing at friends’ houses because she refused to live with our parents or me and was not making the best choices. She’d been on some bad shit for a while, but she got it together once she found out she was having a baby. She tried hard and was a good mom, but Blue’s dad was a fucking idiot and my parents were the opposite of helpful. Which meant that her entire support system was me.

			“Good, is everything all right with you?”

			She took a second to respond, but when she spoke she sounded hurt. “Everything’s good. I’m just calling you to see how you’re doing. I don’t need to have a reason to call.”

			Now I felt like shit. “Sorry, and thanks for calling.” I did a lot better as caregiver than receiver, especially with my sister.

			“You’re welcome. I know you get all twitchy when anyone does anything nice for you, but I swear you’ll survive.”

			I laughed at her teasing and almost missed her asking if I was doing anything fun tonight.

			I coughed, my face feeling warm when I thought about Julia and the Gotham Exiles Club. I hesitated for a moment, but pretty soon I was spilling my guts. “I was thinking of going to this meetup thing. It’s for ex-New Yorkers that work at this company. I don’t know though, it sounds kind of dumb now.”

			“It sounds fun to me. I bet Tariq invited you, and you’re trying to figure out how to get out of it.”

			She didn’t miss a thing, my little sister.

			“Maybe I’ll stop by for a drink.” I wasn’t even sure who I was acting like this. It was just a happy hour, for fuck’s sake.

			“Do it. I want a full report when we talk Sunday.”

			I looked at the clock again—only five thirty.

			I clicked my tongue and gave a sharp nod as if Sofia could see me. “All right, Ms. Bossy. I’ll go. Kiss baby girl for me.”

			“Have some fun, bro. You deserve it.” I wasn’t going to read too much into the fact that my twenty-one-year-old sister, who was trying to raise a toddler on her own, thought I needed to loosen up as I ended the call. It felt like this day had been going on forever, but as I considered seeing Julia in less than two hours my heart sped up.

			Never mind I needed to figure out how to manage that there was a tug-of-war between the owners of this company, and I was the rag doll who would most likely be torn apart. Or the fact that my promotion and getting a bigger place for my sister and Blue depended on not fucking up this project. All of that felt small as I powered down my computer and felt my chest tighten, wondering if I would finally get to see Julia with her hair down.





Chapter Three


			Julia

			This day had been an entire decade.

			Not only did I spend most of it planning three different program visits that I needed to set up with Mr. Quinn. I also had been a ball of nerves thinking about plans for the evening. I looked at the clock on my desktop monitor and confirmed I hadn’t been at work for ten years, and that as a matter of fact I still had more than an hour before I needed to be at the first Gotham Exiles happy hour.

			I was nervous.

			I’d taken a risk inviting people from the office, because if they all ended up snubbing me I’d have to see them on a regular basis, which would be pretty humiliating. But I was trying to stay positive and remember I was usually pretty good at this kind of thing. Which took my mind right to the one person who made me turn into a bumbling idiot, but I shut that shit down quick. I was not letting Rocco Fucking Quinn worm into my head again. I had enough to deal with already.

			Instead, I veered into getting-ready mode. I was thinking about going to the bathroom to fix my face and do my hair when my phone buzzed with a text from my best friend, Alba.

			Did you do it?

			Alba had decided improving the pathetic status of my Dallas social life was her new life mission. And was the co-creator of my very ill-advised plan to improve it.

			I did it. I am now officially an hour away from one last attempt at making friends at work that aren’t my boss. Although I’ve got a lot on my mind since that big and hot fucker they’ve got reviewing which jobs to cut is now my new official charge.

			Instead of a text, a call from Alba started flashing on my screen after a few seconds.

			“Can you explain?” Her voice was all business.

			I let out a long exhale and rubbed my eyes. “The consultant that’s here to get us ready for the IPO is going to look into the foundation’s programs, and I have to arrange visits for him to go to. I’ll just have to figure out a way to not get fixated on his perfect face and magnetic eyes the color of the ocean.” I wanted to sound mad, but I was sighing, and also thinking that it was Dazzling Blue. That was the Pantone color that looked the most like Rocco’s eyes.

			“Julia!” Alba’s sharp voice made me almost fall over.

			“Jesus, Albita. Chill.”

			“I was saying. Not to worry, ma. You’ll do your best and that’s all that matters.”

			“There’s not really a choice. I have to.” I sighed again, feeling the weight of that whole fucking fiasco.

			“I’m going to change the subject, because we have no ability to change your visits with the hot fucker, and I want to know about tonight. I feel very good about this plan. Salome told me you sent her an invite. It’s still happening, right?”

			“I think so. And yes, I sent her one. I’ve been too scared to check if anyone has canceled, but last time I saw there were like six yeses.” I refused to put the app on my phone, because I knew I’d be checking all day at work. “I picked a stupid name.”

			She balked at that. “Gotham Exiles Club is a fucking brilliant name.”

			“Okay, fine. It’s a great name, but enough about me. What are you up to tonight?”

			“Welp, we were going to go to a trivia night, but it’s raining and I just washed my hair. So instead we’re making lasagna and binge watching something.”

			“Are things still going well with Nicole?”

			“She’s great.” Super vague, on brand. Alba had started seeing Nicole, another student in her master of architecture program, a few months ago, and so far her usual evasive maneuvers seemed to be on hold. Alba was pretty much allergic to anything that even sniffed of domesticity, which was why I found the dinner-and-a-movie-at-home scenario intriguing. I was about to probe more, but she spoke before I could start “getting serious” on her.

			“Back to you though. Babe, you’ve been there for a few months and you didn’t get off to the best start. It takes time. Awesome women like us need to get the lay of the land before we find people that suit us. We’re not just picking up friends randomly, especially if you work with them, because if they suck you’re stuck with awkward lunch room scenarios on the regular.”

			I nodded at the empty room. “True. True. If only we were basic bitches who could just be friends with anyone, life would be a lot easier.”

			Alba made an affirmative sound on the phone. “Alas, we want people who come preloaded with good taste in wine, books, music, and at least a conceptual knowledge of black feminist theory.” By the time she was done listing our preferred friend features, she could barely talk she was laughing so hard. “You’d think it wouldn’t be that hard.”

			“You’d think!” I answered, laughing just as hard. “Seriously though. I hope awesome people show up.”

			Sturm’s was one of those workplaces where everyone seemed to be too cool for real life and made me just a bit insecure. But so far, most people had been nice. I just hoped whoever showed up didn’t just come to laugh in my face and call me a loser.

			I had to get out of my feelings stat or I was risking an Alba pep talk, but I knew how to distract her. “The saddest part of not making any friends will be not having anyone to share the amazingness of having a two-bedroom apartment with two and half bathrooms.”

			I knew that would make her laugh. “Wow, that really has been life-changing for you, huh?”

			“You know how New York City apartments are, Alba. You live in one. I have three functional toilets right now.”

			“Yes, it’s remarkable.” I snorted at Alba’s consistent disinterest in my magical bathroom situation. “Back to the meetup, I’m sure people will show. You know the New Yorkers at that company are as desperate as you are to find other people who use the word ‘fuck’ as a noun, verb, adjective, and adverb...in the same sentence.”

			“My fucking peoples,” I said, with a lot more longing in my voice than I intended.

			“Check to see if anyone else responded.” I sighed, but obliged because I knew she was not going to get off the phone until I did.

			Three more RSVPs and two cancellations. “I have a total of seven people. So maybe I won’t be sitting alone at the eight-person table I reserved.” I felt slightly better about the situation as I clicked on the profiles of the newcomers. One was Dani Andam, a fine-as-fuck Ghanaian slash Cuban marketing executive at corporate. Dani was bomb and hailed from somewhere in Manhattan. He was also very popular in the office, so having his seal of approval would give me some street cred.

			“The Insta famous guy I told you about is coming.”

			Alba grunted, “Oh, Mister Product Placement. He gives off mad fuckboi vibes in his photos, but if he’s cool with you I’ll give him a pass.” Alba was also on the Instagram hustle, but was still building a platform. Dani, on the other hand, had like a million followers and counting.

			“Jealousy is the thief of joy, Albita.”

			That got me another laugh. “Fuck you.”

			I smiled at the lack of heat in her cursing me out. “One of the other yeses is from an anonymous account,” I said, wondering who it could be. “Kind of creepy, but at least I’ll be in a public place in case I accidentally invited a serial killer.”

			“You’re so damn extra, Julia del Mar.”

			“Hmmm.” I grunted as I took a closer look at the profile of my last RSVP. “The latest one is from like ten minutes ago and there’s a pic, but no name. Just the letter Q.”

			“Oooh.” Alba was having too much fucking fun at my expense.

			I clicked on the circle to get a better look, and...“Oh shit.”

			It was just a photo of a man’s back from the waist up. He had his hands on his hips, which made all of his back muscles stand out. This was literal flexin’, but holy fuck, what had me panting was the ink on his back.

			“Albita, someone has got to be trolling me,” I said, as I took a screenshot of the photo and DM’d it to my friend. “Look at your DMs.”

			I heard a groan a couple seconds later. “Damn he didn’t have to go that hard, but I appreciate his efforts. That thing is all the way up his back. If this dude is real, you’re going to owe me big for nagging you to do this.”

			I made some kind of sound of agreement and stared some more at the photo. The guy had the entire Manhattan skyline done in black along his spine. It started at the dip of his ass and went right up to his nape. It was beautiful art and on that big muscular back, fuuuuuck. He was apparently a Mets fan too. If that fitted he was wearing was any indication.

			Maybe he was a fellow Queens native? I couldn’t even.

			Q had me feeling some feelings in my nether regions. I was squirming around in my chair like my ass was on fire just from seeing this guy’s back. Which reminded me of one of the most urgent items on my to-do list.

			“I need to get laid,” I lamented to my bestie, who concurred with a friendly grunt. “Masturbation, as useful as it’s been, is not going to cut it much longer.”

			And, of course, Alba had to get all slimy. “And Mr. New York would do just fine. ‘Fine’ being the operative word—”

			I cut off that very detrimental line of thinking before it could take root. The last thing I needed was to start work drama. “This meetup is not for me to find someone to fuck with, Alba. I need friends, and relationships are off-limits entirely.”

			Alba sucked her teeth but when she spoke, she agreed with me. Kind of. “Did I say ‘relationships’? No, we were talking about fucking. But you’re right, you don’t need to rush into things, friend. This is your time.”

			After things fell apart with Matt, I vowed I’d give myself time to get my life back on track, and that meant no dudes complicating things with their issues. I was done with letting men derail my plans. Q and his back would have to be someone else’s problem. No more distractions in sexy packages.

			I turned off my laptop and spoke into the phone, already grabbing my purse. “Albita, Imma have to let you go. I have to do something with my hair and face before I hit up this bar, now that the stakes have been raised. Not that I’m doing anything about it. Q can get it, but not from me.”

			“Okay, girl, I don’t know who you’re trying to convince.” She lived to push my buttons. I sighed and she blew me a kiss. “Call me when you get home.”

			I gave her a tired yes and headed to the bathroom, feeling slightly better about my happy hour plans. At least it seemed like there were some fellow ex-New Yorkers at Sturm’s looking for friends too.





Chapter Four


			Julia

			I was a ball of nerves as I sat waiting for the rest of the group to show up.

			After debating for a few minutes, I’d finally caved and changed into the outfit I’d brought from home. I’d even managed to get my hair to behave and was wearing it down, or more like up and out, since my curls were all over the place.

			No matter how much I griped at my mom when I was growing for getting on my case about looking “decent” when I left the house, I had to say some of it had stuck with me. Being the child of an ex-beauty queen had its challenges, and was definitely a big reason for my weekly therapy sessions. But I was grateful to my mother for showing me how to do a smoky eye one-handed and to put together an outfit like a fucking pro. And so far the extra application of deodorant was holding up to all the nervous sweating that was happening. Hashtag “winning.” I knew my OOTD was popping. I was wearing a white crop top with a bomb Ankara skirt one of the buyers from Sturm’s had hooked me up with. And I could not deny that when I stepped out looking like I was killing it, it went a long way to making me feel like I could.

			I checked on my skirt and smoothed over the front, trying hard not to stare up at the clock. So what if people didn’t show up? I could still have a nice dinner...by myself. I’d picked a place in Greenville—which I’d dubbed Brooklyn in Dallas—closer to where I lived and I knew a few others lived as well. The place was decorated in what I’d started calling Southern Hipster: a lot of distressed wood, mason jars, and rusted-looking metal, but the ambiance was great and the drinks were cheap. I took another small sip of my Paloma in an effort to pace my drinking so I really didn’t act a fool at this thing. The last thing I wanted was to be drunk by the time my coworkers arrived.

			Which only got me thinking about Rocco Fucking Quinn. The bane of my existence. Why did he have to be so sexy? I’d sent him a preliminary plan but he hadn’t responded yet. Just thinking about entire days in confined places with that man made me practically vibrate with anticipation, and not the kind that was appropriate for work-related situations. I turned in my seat, mulling over how I’d make it through meeting after meeting with him, and decided I’d just keep my distance. I was a grown woman, a professional. And just because the line of Rocco Quinn’s jaw was so perfect I could stare at it for days didn’t mean I couldn’t keep it together.

			And as if the universe had penciled in extra time to fuck with my life, Q walked in.

			He was looking down at his phone but I recognized the Mets hat from the profile picture. And that chest and those shoulders were imprinted in my thirsty little brain. Shoulders that I was pretty sure were recently covered by a suit jacket and green and gray gingham shirt.

			My stomach dropped.

			Q was Rocco Fucking Quinn.

			How did he even find out about the happy hour?

			Drops of sweat were pooling at the small of my back as panic tried to take over. But panic was not the host of this meetup, Julia was. I took three belly breaths and focused on the ground under my feet as I unclenched my hand from the glass before I snapped it. I pasted on a smile as I decided whether to stay in my seat or stand up to meet him.

			He looked post-gym fresh in jeans, a light gray tee, and leather flip-flops, and I was close to seeing black dots from holding my breath. I’d never really noticed forearms, but I was literally drooling over his. Had he gotten a haircut in the two hours since I’d seen him or was I just tripping? He had on some wayfarers that he took off as he popped his head up. I raised a hand and waved frantically because I was a straight-up mess. When he spotted me, he did the slightest double take and then, just for a second, he smiled.

			Julia del Mar, you’re in danger, girl.

			Holy shit, my heart actually slammed against my chest just from getting the full effect of those piercing blue eyes and the little scar that stretched across the top of his lip. Rocco had that lethal combination of boyish good looks and a slight edge. Like he could mow my lawn for me and then walk into the house and do unspeakable things to my body. And good Lord that was not the reel I needed going through my head right now.

			Get a fucking grip, Julia. I squeezed my thighs hard and tried to snap out of the trance I was in. I took one breath, then a second, trying to slow down my heart, as I watched him come closer, and that’s when I noticed I wasn’t the only one getting a little hot under the collar. Rocco Quinn had me pinned under his gaze and was taking his sweet time running his eyes over me. I was trying to keep it all business, but if he was going to look at me like that, I’d give him angles.

			Oh yeah, take it all in, buddy.

			When he got to me, I saw that the smile had gotten a little less confident and I wondered if the intense pull I was feeling was getting to him too. Before I lost my nerve, I extended a hand to him and he immediately took it. I was not one to get corny, but I could swear I felt the air sizzle. He was so fine, and the way he looked at me...there was a lot of heat there, the kind that could reduce your self-control to cinders and make you like it.

			“Hey, you’re the first one here.”

			What happened next was when I knew that Rocco was going to be a very big monkey wrench in my short-, medium-, and long-term plans of staying off the D and focusing on me.

			He blushed.

			Sheepish and a little embarrassed, and stuffing both hands in his pockets, and my self-restraint buckled under the devastating effects of this man’s shy smile. “I’m not great with directions and I didn’t want to risk getting lost.” Precious was really not the kind of energy I was expecting. I was all out of sorts, like experiencing legitimate mental whiplash.

			The effect Rocco was having on me usually resulted in bad decisions. Like moving across the country for a guy who dumped me after just a few weeks. Those blue eyes could wreck my damn life.

			“Hopefully more people will be here soon.” That came out with a little more of an edge than I necessarily wanted, but I had to try and at least fake like he wasn’t completely unsettling me.

			Before he got a chance to say anything, I pointed at my glass. “Why don’t you get yourself a drink?” My friendly tone had shifted to something much sharper, which certainly could not help matters. He angled his head at my words, brow furrowed, like I’d switched to another language.

			“Uh, the bar is over there.” Okay, now I sounded straight-up rude.

			“Sure, I’ll go get something.” That warm smile had definitely slid off his face as he walked off. Way to go, Julia, offend the guy that could take your fucking job. But what was a person supposed to do when faced with eyes like that? And I wasn’t going to lie, knowing what was under that gray T-shirt was having a real adverse effect on me.

			I was about to sit down again and regroup when I saw a woman walk in who looked like Salome, the only other lady who’d RSVP’d for the evening. When she looked in my direction, I waved and her face lit up with a smile as she made her way to the table.

			She was dressed in cutoffs and a black tank top. Her hair was shaved on the bottom, but she had it a little longer on top. Her skin was a very dark brown and she had big hazel eyes. She had tattoo sleeves on both her arms too. She could have just stepped off a street in Williamsburg. As she extended her hand to me, all I could think was, “Please don’t be an asshole.”

			“Hey, I’m Salome. I cannot tell you how happy I was when Alba told me about your meetup. I need some friends!” Her laugh was big and throaty, and it sounded so familiar, so much like home, that I almost wanted to cry.

			Salome was not a Sturm’s employee, but like me she was Dominican and recently relocated to the Dallas area. Alba knew her from Columbia and had been trying to connect us for months. I was so glad to finally meet her and a relief to have a buffer between me and Rocco. “I’m so glad you could make it. I was also reaching worrisome lows in my social life.” I pointed at her arms. “I love your art, by the way.”

			She extended them so I could get a better look. “Thanks. These were my way of coping with grad school. I got one after every semester for the entire six years of my PhD. I was glad not to have a seventh, because I was running out of room.” Salome somehow managed to look disgruntled and grin at the same time, and I liked her instantly. “I’m not sure if the Public Policy Department at Northern Texas University could’ve dealt with a Dominican, queer professor with neck tattoos. No matter how hard up they were for some diversity.” We both laughed at that even though I was sure she was not lying.

			“There’s another person here already.” I pointed at Rocco, who was glaring at the wall as he waited for his drink. “That’s Rocco.”

			She looked at him appreciatively. And I ruthlessly stamped out the stupid pang of possessiveness that pulsed through me. None of that was mine, and it never would be.

			“If you want to go grab a drink, go for it. We’re still waiting for a few more people from where I work.” Just as I said that, two more guys walked in. One I recognized as José Miguel, one of the web designers for Sturm’s who did a lot of the foundation’s website stuff. The other guy I thought I’d seen around the office, but could not place.

			José was a lot shorter than the other guy, who had a pretty intense Wakanda warrior flow going on. José’s pretty face beamed as he came up to us. He was all warm-weather chic in seersucker shorts and a bright pink short-sleeve shirt with silver leather Vans. The other guy had a fresh fade, and light brown eyes ringed by the longest lashes I’d ever seen. He was decked out in a Bronx Forever T-shirt, some jeans and some red-and-black retro Jordans on his feet. Even if I hadn’t known it, I would’ve pegged both of them for New Yorkers.

			I had found my peoples.

			I was so excited at this point I actually jumped up and down when they made it to the table. “Hey, José.”

			He came closer to give me a kiss on the cheek and gestured toward his companion, who was looking at Rocco with an amused smile.

			“Tariq is one of the consultants on the IPO project. I met him the other day when he was working with the finance department.” José was giving Tariq very thorough looks, and by the way the younger man preened, it didn’t seem like he was too mad about it.

			“Nice to meet you, Tariq.” Oh man, that smile could knock a person on their ass. No wonder José was practically swooning.

			“Sorry we crashed your party.” He pointed at Rocco, who had spotted him and started walking over with a pint glass in his hand. “My boy Dani is doing his thing outside getting some pictures to post on Insta, but he’ll be here soon.”

			I smiled, waving a hand toward the bar. “That’s fine. We can just hang a bit until he gets here. Let me introduce you.”

			José Miguel pointed at my skirt. “I am living for this. Where did you get it?” This friendship already had potential for greatness.

			“One of the buyers at Sturm’s has a hookup in Brooklyn and she had a few extras from her last trip.” We all sighed at the mention of our city.

			Rocco stood by the rest of the group, not really talking, and I could tell Tariq was trying to deliver a message with his eyes that was not coming across at all. But thankfully before things could get weirder, Dani walked into the bar, his big personality automatically filling up the place.

			He looked at our group and smiled, and I totally knew the feeling. His face said, “There are the New Yorkers.” As always he was dressed like he was coming from a fashion shoot, the light blue Cuban guayabera and white linen shorts a striking contrast to his brown skin. Dani had that “it” factor and he knew it too. He was bona fide influencer with almost a million followers and he never missed a chance to showcase that drip. Still he was down-to-earth and funny, so I was glad he could make it.

			“Hey, Julia. Sorry I’m late.” He looked at me with a bright smile and extended his hand, but I pulled him in for a kiss on the cheek.

			“You’re fine, thanks for coming.”

			I made the introduction to Salome and Dani gave dap to Tariq, Rocco, and José, immediately falling into an easy chat. I let myself bask in the glory of being surrounded by people I already felt connected to.

			“There’s only one person who hasn’t arrived yet, but since most of us are here, let’s sit and get to know each other. Does that sound good?”

			We all sat down around the table. Everyone seemed pretty relaxed, other than Rocco, who was still looking ill at ease. I felt guilty for making him feel unwelcome, but then reminded myself that keeping things chill with Rocco was not just smart, it was basic self-preservation.

			I clapped my hands and straightened my shoulders as I looked at the group. I already had a great feeling about this. If I’d set out to handpick a group of people to hang out with, it would look very much like this, and no, Rocco would not be cast as my boyfriend.

			With all eyes on me, I went in with my usual “jump feet first” enthusiasm. “I spend a lot of time running support groups and I believe in icebreakers.” There were some groans and José Miguel and Tariq looked like they were ready to call it a night, but since no one left, I carried on.

			I chuckled as I made “simmer down” hands. “I thought you guys would hate it, but just say what part of the city you’re from, lived most recently, or where you’re still based if you’re just here temporarily,” I said, in deference to Rocco and Tariq. “Whichever you prefer...oh!” I help a finger up in the air, like the cornball I was. “And one thing you don’t miss about New York.” Salome perked up at that but didn’t talk, so I volunteered myself. “I can go first. I grew up in Corona but for the past five years I lived in East Harlem. One thing I don’t miss about the city is the six train during rush hour.”

			That got me some laughs.

			José Miguel raised his hand and leaned in to answer. “I grew up in the South Bronx, and I lived in Chelsea—”

			He stopped talking then, his pretty face suddenly marred with what looked like grief, but after a few seconds he regrouped and went on. “I lived in Chelsea for thirteen years, until I relocated here about nine months ago.” He tried hard for a smile, which didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Julia, I’m going to steal your answer. I definitely don’t miss the subway during rush hour!” We all smiled, but the whole group seemed to detect the sadness in his words. I looked at José for another second, wondering what was the story behind his move to Dallas.

			Salome bravely put her hand up next. “I’m Salome and I grew up in the DR.” I let out a whoop for my fellow Dominicana, which earned me a high five. “I came to New York eight years ago for grad school. I was at City College, and lived in Hamilton Heights.” She shrugged, a little bit of shyness coming out then. “I also do not miss the subway, even though I hate driving here. Also pigeons, I do not miss pigeons.” She actually shuddered, making us all laugh.

			Dani went next. He grew up on the posh Upper East Side of Manhattan. Both his parents were doctors who were still in the city. Tariq hailed from Honduras and came to the States at the age of seven, and like José had grown up in the South Bronx, where he was still based. After they were done, the only person left was Rocco, and he kept taking gulps from his beer like he was completely unaware that he was supposed to talk.

			He was so annoying.

			I tried not to glare, but it wasn’t easy. “Rocco, do you want to go next?”

			“Sure.” He took another gulp of beer, and I saw some redness spread over his cheekbones. His perfect fucking cheekbones. The blush made his blue eyes sparkle. God, he was really a beautiful man, and I needed to direct that energy into something else, because this was going to end poorly.

			“Umm, I grew up in Corona too.” He made eye contact with me, making sure to drive home that connection between us, and my stupid heart lurched a little.

			“I didn’t stick around there after high school though and I lived in Manhattan while in school and now I’m in Astoria. My family is still there.” At the mention of his family, he cleared his throat and trained his eyes on the table. “I like the quiet here. It’s more peaceful.” His eyes looked for mine as he spoke, and he held my gaze in the silence that followed his words. I shifted in my seat, the hard surface of the bench the only thing that kept me grounded as Rocco pierced me with a look I didn’t want to try to figure out.

			I sucked in a breath and gave a much-needed mental talking-to to the part of me that felt the need to figure out what was wrong with the man and fix it. I was no longer the designated repairperson of beautiful and fucked-up men.

			“Thanks, Rocco.” The table was a bit subdued by this point. I guessed I wasn’t the only one who was feeling a bit affected by Rocco and José. But I had been raised by a woman who was practically allergic to awkward silences, so I got us redirected quick.

			“Okay, now that we know each other, I’d like to hear your thoughts on the eye-contact situation in this city. Does it feel over the top to you guys too or is it just me?” That got a real laugh out of the table, including a minuscule grin from Rocco, which I tried very hard not to dwell on, and the conversation took off from there.

			This happy hour idea was working out. I just needed to keep my eyes, hands, and head off Rocco Quinn, and my Dallas experiment might work out after all.





Chapter Five


			Rocco

			I was still sitting in my car, where I’d been since I’d said my goodbyes and agreed to meet everyone again for drinks the next week. In the end, I’d had a nice time.

			Still, I was brooding.

			As soon as I’d gotten to the bar tonight, I knew I’d made a mistake. I really needed to remember that I was here to do a job and get back to New York City and the responsibilities I could not turn my back on.

			That was my other problem. The meeting had actually been fun. Tariq and Dani were big Yankees fans, and Julia, that traitor, joined them in giving me shit about the Mets. Meanwhile, Salome, who was a diehard baseball fan, but only of Dominican teams, had the time of her life telling us all the ways in which the Dominican winter league was superior to the major leagues. José teased us mercilessly about his newfound love for the Rangers, and the hours flew.

			Then there was Julia. Julia and her colors and her energy were addictive, and I had a feeling once I got a taste, I would not be able to stop coming back for more.

			Her big brown eyes hypnotized me. Her long, curly hair cascading halfway down her back was as big and wild as I’d imagined it. There had been something different about her tonight.

			She’d been at ease. A side to her that wasn’t what I’d seen in the office. It seemed to me like Julia, once she was away from work and the machinations of the IPO, had shed some of the tightness she always carried around me. And no matter how much I wanted that to mean there was some kind of opening there, it didn’t matter. She was still her and I was still me, and I needed to do my job, and that job was to deliver that IPO into Duke Sturm’s hands.

			I’d started my car and headed out of the parking lot when I noticed her standing on the sidewalk, glaring at her phone. She’d put her hair up in a messy bun and was tapping furiously as she leaned on a bench. I drove up to her and lowered my window with my heart beating way faster than it should with someone I was supposed to keep my distance from.

			“Hey, do you have a ride home?” I spoke in a soft voice, aware it was never a good idea to startle a woman who’d grown up in New York City.

			She jumped anyways, but when she turned her eyes toward me, she looked relieved to see me. “Do you go around sneaking up on women like that? You’re lucky I’m slow when I’m tired.”

			I tried to look contrite, but a smile happened anyway. My lips had a mind of their own when it came to Julia. “Sorry about that. This car makes no noise.”

			Davidson’s arranged for whatever we needed while on a project and usually went for something that would “reflect well” on the brand. So I was driving a black Tesla sedan.

			Julia was still squinting at me and my vehicle when I gestured toward her phone. “I can give you a ride if you want to cancel your Lyft.”

			She looked at her phone again and then at the street—pursing her mouth as she considered her choices. I didn’t take it personally, but was surprised at how much I wanted her to say yes. Her brows stayed furrowed for a second and finally with an eye roll, she relaxed. She was wearing a shade of lipstick almost the color of red wine. I imagined her mouth half-open as I crushed our lips together and I had to breathe through my mouth to get myself together. There was something that happened to me whenever Julia Ortiz was around I was having a hard time even naming. But the last thing a woman like her needed was me and my baggage.

			Right now though, she looked tired and ready to go home, and I could do that for her. I clicked to unlock the passenger door and leaned over to open it, suspecting that if I got out to open the car door for her she’d send me on my way.

			“Hop in.” I needed to dial down the eager beaverness by like a thousand percent.

			She looked around, like she still wasn’t sure any of this was a good idea, but after a moment, she nodded. “All right. Thank you.” She tapped something on her phone, then came around and got in the car.

			As soon as she had her seat belt on, she pushed her back against the seat and let out a long exhale. I turned to her and caught a glimpse of a little bit of white lace peeking from that crop top, which was probably going to star in every one of my fantasies after this.

			She closed her eyes for just a second and took a deep breath in and out. Like she was letting go of the whole day. When she opened them, she almost seemed surprised to see me.

			“Where to?”

			She pointed left as I turned on the car. “45 Orchard Street, Los Sauces apartments.”

			I nodded as I put in the info in the GPS and when the address came up, I made a sound of surprise.

			“What?”

			I shook my head and tried once again to chill out. “Oh, nothing, we just live really close. I’m in a building like two streets over. The Lofts.”

			She widened her eyes and then dipped her chin, her mouth in an expression I’d seen many a time from some of the girls I grew up with. It was a mix between “show-off” and “good for you.”

			From my peripheral vision, I saw her lift a shoulder as I maneuvered us out of the parking lot and onto the dark street. I knew where I was going, so I muted the directions and talked to Julia.

			“Thanks again for letting me crash your party. It was good to be around other New Yorkers. I just missed the energy that people from the city have, you know?”

			I caught a surprised look on her face, like she didn’t expect me to admit I’d had a good time, but when she spoke she was friendly. “I totally get that. Tonight was the first time since I’ve been here that I felt like I might actually be able to stay long term.” I could tell there was a lot more to that than she was saying, but I didn’t push her to explain.

			Instead I did something I never ever did—I talked about myself. “I never really left New York until after I finished grad school and started working as a consultant. It’s hard to explain to people who haven’t lived there just how different it is to everywhere else.” I meant to stop talking, but again my mouth started before I could stop it. “I’ve only been here a few weeks, but I like it. It feels manageable in a way New York never felt to me. I love the city, but sometimes I felt like it was carrying me and not the other way around. Here I feel like I set the pace.” I turned to look at her and found she was watching me like I’d totally thrown her off. “Sorry, I’m not making sense.”

			She started to speak and then paused, like she wasn’t sure if she should say what she was thinking. But as I drove, I caught a glimpse of a smile.

			“You’re making total sense. It does feel more manageable. I can slow down or speed up; in New York I always felt like I was trying to catch up to someone, you know?”

			I grunted in answer, feeling the truth of that statement all the way down to my toes. “How did you find yourself this far from Corona?”

			I regretted asking almost as soon as the words came out of my mouth. Seeing Julia sad was much worse than seeing her mad—and that was the kind of information that would only complicate things for me.

			She didn’t answer my question right away, and I figured she had better sense than me. But right when we were coming up to the turn to her apartment she spoke into the eerily silent car. “I made a string of bad choices that left me dumped, holding a two-year lease for an apartment and a car payment a week after I started my dream job.” Her tone was harsh, but not bitter, determined. I could hear in her voice she was used to being judged about this. Like the asshole who left her hanging wasn’t the one who should be ashamed of themselves.

			“So this person asked you to trust them and move across the country and then left you here holding a lease?” I had no right to be enraged on behalf of this woman, but I could’ve slain dragons to keep seeing the smile that suddenly appeared on her face.

			She grinned shyly, obviously noticing my pissiness, and when she spoke again she sounded like the Julia who could get my blood boiling in two seconds flat. “It was a he. And yes, he did.”

			What kind of dipshit could ever leave a woman like this?

			“I hope that fucker knows not to show his face in Queens.”

			That laugh, the head thrown back as she looked at me with a mixture of shock and glee, puffed up my chest. This was better than when I graduated from business school, better than the moment I was finally able to get my sister out of my parents’ house. Julia Ortiz could become a very dangerous addiction for me.

			By the time she’d stopped laughing, we were coming to a stop in front of her building, and she was still smiling wide. I was having trouble looking away. Julia’s smile took over her whole face. As I stole one more look at her face, I realized that I would probably be willing to do a lot of crazy shit trying to coax more of them out of her.

			When she spoke her voice was still ringing with humor. “You already know he can’t come anywhere near Corona. Dominican mom and dad from PR.”

			The Queens burst out of me before I could stop it. “He doesn’t know much, if he ever let you go.”

			I held her gaze, because I meant it, but what had flames licking low in my gut was how she locked those brown eyes with mine. She wasn’t shying away from the compliment. This woman knew what she was worth.

			Something in the energy between us kindled and caught fire and I had to grip the steering wheel hard so I didn’t do something we would both regret. I wondered if she felt it too. And maybe she did because when she spoke I could hear a tremor in her voice that was more than the AC.

			“Thanks for the ride, Rocco, and for showing up early.” She raised her eyebrow, hands on her big purse. “Even though it’s still sort of nerve-wracking being around you, tonight was fun.” I didn’t have to ask why I made her nervous.

			“I’m glad you let me stick around.”

			She nodded and went to open the door, but kept her eyes on me. “Monday I’ll check in with you about the visits. I was thinking you could come and see the after-school program first. I sent you the details in an email.”

			I nodded as she waited for a response. “I’m sure whatever you have in mind will work great.”

			She dropped her gaze to her lap for the next part, and I knew the night was about to be truly over. “I don’t want to muddy the waters, Rocco, not just because I want to keep my job, but because this work is too important.”

			“I know.” But I didn’t, if I was being honest with myself. Trying to get something started with Julia was the height of foolishness. I still wanted her though.

			“The families we work with are mostly undocumented. This program is one of the few in the state that operates with fully private funds. Losing it would be devastating.” I knew that already, but hearing the emotion in Julia’s voice made me flinch. She was doing something amazing and good, while I was trying to make rich people more money.

			Her phone pinged and she jumped before fishing it out of her bag. When she looked at the screen, a type of smile I hadn’t seen yet bloomed on her face.

			I cleared my throat again, trying to get myself together. “I better head home.”

			She looked up and quickly shoved the phone in her bag. “It’s my best friend, Alba. She wanted to know if I’d survived the evening. She’s very invested in me not continuing to live like a social pariah.”

			Right, Julia’s life was here in Dallas and mine was waiting for me in New York.

			But before she stepped out of the car, she turned around and it was like she could see right into my head. “I liked having you in the group tonight. Maybe we could keep things friendly?”

			She stressed the last word, but her smile was warm and I wanted to grab onto it before it was gone. I dipped my head and felt something a lot like happiness pulse in my chest. “Of course.”

			She seemed satisfied with my answer and with a final nod she opened the door and stepped out into the warm Dallas night.

			I watched her walk along the paved path, her long skirt lifting as she moved. When she finally got to her door, she looked back toward me, before walking into her apartment.

			As I pulled out of her parking lot, I tried very hard not to read into the fact that maybe for the first time in my life, someone had turned around for me.





Chapter Six


			Rocco

			“Come in.” I tried not to snap at whoever was knocking on my office door Monday afternoon. I was about to head out to do the site visit of Julia’s program. I’d been thinking about her nonstop since I’d dropped her off on Friday night, and it felt like I hadn’t seen her in an eternity.

			So of course the two people in this whole company I couldn’t stand had to come in for a one-on-one. Right behind Phil Brentwood, the CFO of Sturm’s, was thirty-two-year-old Duke Sturm, the third heir to the department store empire. Duke was the only son from the second and short-lived marriage of the store’s founder, Donald Sturm. Rumor was that Donald had met Duke’s mom at a photo shoot for the company and started an affair that ended his marriage with Mitzy and Muffy’s mother. So the bad blood here went much deeper than conflicting views on the future of the business. I knew what a guy with a chip on his shoulder looked like and Duke had something to prove. So far he’d been cordial to me, but in every interaction it was very clear he considered me the hired help.

			“Hey, Rocco.” Phil was really fucking fake, but at least he shook my hand. Duke just glared. He was not taking his half sisters’ approach, that was for sure.

			“I love saying your name, it’s so New York.” Phil did air quotes when he said New York and I remembered why I thought this guy was an asshole.

			“It’s where I’m from. Can I help you gentlemen?” I looked at the large wall clock directly above the office door, I was polite, but I didn’t have to be subtle. “I’m about to go and visit one of the foundation programs.”

			Phil held up his hands, his usual greasy smile fixed on his face. “Oh, we stopped in at the perfect time, then. That’s exactly what we wanted to talk to you about.” I resisted the urge to shudder, but just barely.

			I stood there silently waiting for Phil to get on with whatever he came to see me for. After a moment he looked at Duke, who apparently was just here for moral support or to make sure Phil didn’t fuck up on whatever he was supposed to tell me. “We know that you’ve been meeting with the twins, and that this week you’ll be dealing with their little hobby projects. Just wanted to make sure we were on the same page about that.”

			At the mention of his sisters, Duke’s face soured and he finally opened his mouth. “My sisters are under the impression this company exists to fund every harebrained idea they come up with after watching Rachel Maddow. We’re moving into a new chapter for Sturm’s and we can’t drag every whim they’ve concocted over the years with us, especially this insane new thing they’re throwing two million dollars into.”

			I schooled my face into a neutral expression and hoped my neck wasn’t turning red. He was talking about Julia’s program. A program that helped kids and families. You would think from hearing him his sisters were throwing parties with the money. My back teeth ground into each other as I tried to come up with something to say that wouldn’t get me fired.

			These guys talked about the twins like they were clueless. It really fucking irked me. Still I needed to find a way to roll with it, because I was not going to put my foot in my mouth over these people’s infighting.

			“I’ve talked extensively with Mitzy and Muffy.” Okay, their names were kind of ridiculous. “Their philanthropic efforts are significant and we do need to think about making those leaner, but they already know that needs to happen. And I will make sure they don’t forget it.” I tipped my head toward Duke and even managed to smile. “As you know, Davidson’s approach is to make sure the company does not lose what makes it unique in the process of preparing to go public. Sturm’s social responsibility arm makes it stand out in the high-end retail world, and that will help with the IPO. People like investing in corporations that invest in their people. We just have to be smart about balancing all of it.”

			I ignored their eye rolls and kept going. “I will take your feelings into consideration.” I didn’t say anything else. I wasn’t looking to get taken off this project, but I would not get steamrolled either.

			Phil pursed his mouth, obviously displeased with me not just rolling over for them. “The twins were born into trust funds, and that makes it hard for them to stay grounded sometimes.”

			So had the fucker standing next to him, but I wasn’t going to point that out to Phil.

			“They need to show more restraint. The senior executive team barely got bonuses last year, and yet they decided to give even more money to these Hispanic kids.”

			This guy was really getting on my nerves. “This company is doing fine.” I’d learned to get past my personal feelings for the executives I had to deal with and their motives when it came to doing my job, but every once in a while I really wondered how people got the way they did. “I’m sure we can find a way to make everyone happy and have Sturm’s in good shape for the IPO early next year.”

			Phil’s face soured and he looked at his watch impatiently. It seemed like he was done with me, but Duke apparently had more to say.

			“Mr. Quinn.” Duke talked to people like they were a waste of his time. “I understand that you feel the need to assume a neutral position, but I am in no uncertain terms letting you know I couldn’t care less about your opinions on my sisters using company money for their ‘good Samaritan’ schemes.”

			Duke Sturm was tall, about an inch taller than my own six feet, his skin more tanned than his sisters, and he was always dressed to the nines. And not in boring dark grays or navy blues. No, he took his place at the helm of a high-fashion empire seriously. Today he was wearing a velvet jacket in a burnt orange and a dark purple tailored shirt and pants. He was handsome and if he weren’t such a pain in my ass right now I’d actually appreciate his style.

			But I could not play with this guy. “I understand that, sir.”

			He nodded and his smirk literally made my entire body break out in goose bumps. He lifted a finger and pointed it right at my face. “If you see anything that’s not on the up-and-up, let me know.” A chill ran up my spine at his words. “No matter what my sisters think, this company is not actually the Mitzy and Muffy show. You focus on keeping this IPO on track and we will keep them in check.”

			With that he turned around with Phil on his heels. For as much as neither Duke nor the twins had anything to do with their father’s bad decisions, they certainly didn’t seem to let bygones be bygones. There was malice there and people were going to get caught in the crossfire. People like Julia, and me.



* * *



			It was one thing to say I needed to keep it together when it came to Julia when she wasn’t there and an entirely different thing when we were in the same room. I’d only just arrived at the after-school program site and my blood was already buzzing. I told myself to calm down as I made my way to her in the reception area of the foundation. She was in more casual clothes today. Jeans with a top and cardigan combo. Of course, it was Julia so there was still a lot of color. She had her hair pulled back into a puffy ponytail with gold hoops dangling from her ears. I couldn’t help the grin on my face by the time I reached her.

			“Hey,” I said as I almost leaned in to kiss her on the cheek. It was a reflex from seeing her looking so familiar, like the embodiment of New York City. But this was not a kiss-hello situation, this was work, so at the last second I stopped, leaving us both in an awkward midair lean. I pulled back and offered my hand instead like a complete tool, but she rolled with it. “Thank you for arranging this so fast. I’m sorry I’m late.”

			She gave my hand a long look, like she wasn’t totally sure I wouldn’t pull it back and leave her hanging again. “No problem.” She looked at her iWatch, then shook her head, a tiny smile on her lips. “Besides, you’re only like ten minutes late.”

			“Where’s the suit jacket?” she asked, her eyes fixed on my bare forearms. I could feel the heat on my face and knew I was turning red.

			“I thought I’d look more approachable to the kids if I wasn’t in it,” I explained, and felt extremely dumb as soon as the words came out of my mouth.

			I pointed at the parking lot in the direction of my rental. “I can go get it.” Julia made a face at that, but I wasn’t sure what it meant. It was like she wanted to smile but was forcing herself to be serious. When she spoke, she couldn’t keep the amusement out of her voice.

			“You sort of overthink things, don’t you?” It was more of a statement than a question, but I still didn’t know if she thought it was a good or a bad thing.

			She wasn’t wrong. I could overthink things sometimes. My therapist said it was from growing up in a home when a wrong answer could get me yelled at or worse, and a father who was never happy with anything. This felt different though—I found that I liked Julia’s focus on me, especially if it involved one of those smiles that got me right in the gut. I turned to look at her and saw that she was still waiting for an answer.

			“I can. But I also don’t want to disappoint the kids if you promised they’d get to see a real-life finance superhero.” I said it deadpan, so it took her a second before she cracked a smile. Those cheekbones popped and it was hard not to lean in and brush a kiss across one of them.

			“You’re not funny.”

			It would’ve been easier to believe if she wasn’t showing me all of her teeth at the moment. “I’m a little funny.” What the hell was this? Was I flirting?

			Julia took another long look at my forearms and hiked a thumb over her shoulder. “We can head inside. The students start arriving at about four, so we’re in full swing already.”

			I nodded as I followed her through a long hallway lined with doors. She pointed at a few of them that were closed.

			“Those are the therapy rooms. We have about six therapists on-site and they see clients all week. We also have a couple of support groups. Those are weekly and usually it’s some kind of therapeutic model. We also have some for parents in the evenings.”

			I nodded as I looked around. The walls were full of art and inspirational quotes and the far one had a mural with lots of flowers and birds. “That’s pretty.” She stopped right in front so we could take a look at it and pointed at some of the more colorful spots.

			“Two local artists did this for us. The Sturm Foundation has great programs supporting the arts and two of their alumni offered to come and do it. They’re all flowers and birds indigenous to Latin America.” She beamed with pride at that. “The kids and families love it.”

			I nodded as I leaned in to look at some of the flowers. “It’s beautiful art.”

			“It is. We wanted to make the space bright.”

			She pointed in the direction of two big doors. Through the window we could see kids in what looked like a huge gym. “That’s our all-purpose movement space. We have different kinds of classes in there, everything from yoga to martial arts. We use movement as part of our therapy.” She pushed the door and placed a finger over her mouth. I expected it to be super loud but when we walked in there were two groups of about fifteen kids on each end of the gym doing what looked like yoga and meditation.

			We stepped to the side, our backs pressed against the wall as we observed them working on their poses. “All our instructors are trained in working with trauma survivors and have adapted their classes.”

			When she spoke, I felt the vibrations of her words all the way down to my feet. I felt so close to out of control whenever Julia was near. I’d spent so much time over the years getting as much of my life in check as I could. Especially in my relationships. I usually ran as fast as I could as soon as I felt like I was starting to need anyone too much. But with Julia, I just wanted more. To ask more, to say more.

			“Deep breathing can be a real lifesaver for kids that need to get their emotions under control. It got me through the last couple years of high school.” I said it casually, even though usually giving away even the most minimal inkling about my past or my family was a hard no. I cleared my throat, still avoiding her eyes as I talked. “It’s great that you’re doing this with them. With poor kids, even when people are trying to help, the focus is always on food, or clothes, if they have a place to live. And don’t get me wrong—I know how necessary all those things are. It’s just nice to be seen as more than a problem to solve. For someone to remember you need oxygen in your lungs too, you know?”

			I expected pity when she looked at me. I almost hoped for it because that way she would just become one more person who saw right through me and I could put the wall up.

			She smiled instead, her eyes locked with mine. “We love a relaxation-technique enthusiast,” she assured me with a nod, and turned to open the door. She kept our speed brisk, her eyes on where she was taking me next.

			I should’ve let it go, but it was like my mouth couldn’t stop if Julia was around. “Sorry for the overshare.”

			She came to a dead stop and turned to give me a look that was meant to be stern but just made me want to run my fingers through her curls. “Are you kidding? I’m a social worker and Latina. Overshares are life.”

			That pulled a surprised laugh out of me. She grinned in response, her expression smug, as if it was exactly what she was aiming for.

			She started walking again and I quickly followed as she filled me in. “Seriously though, your observation was on point. Our program tries to address the material needs and educational needs as much as possible, but we work a lot on getting the kids to be more mindful and learn how to cope with the many stresses of their lives. Some of them are just dealing with too much.” She came to a stop in front of another door and we stood looking through the glass square into what looked like an art class.

			“This is an art therapy group. All the kids in this one came across the border on their own and are living with foster parents or relatives. They are each working on a collage of what they left back home.”

			By now I’d figured out that going into the rooms would be disruptive, which was why we just took a peek from the glass on the doors. I peered in to watch about ten kids of different shapes and sizes sitting at a big table topped with lots of crafting supplies, talking and sharing. Some were showing their creations to their friends as two adults milled around the room, keeping an eye on the group.

			“You are doing great things for these kids, Julia,” I said sincerely, feeling almost emotional at how at ease the kids looked. How peaceful it was and the way there was something for everyone. It was like she’d thought of everything.

			She tipped her head up to look at me, not smiling exactly, but she looked relaxed. Like she trusted I could clearly see what she was trying to show me. “The collages and the breathing, all that stuff matters, but mostly we just want them to have a safe space for a few hours a day. Someplace where their needs are listened to and taken seriously.” She shook her head as we stepped back from the door and she guided us down another hallway. “And don’t get me wrong, most of the caregivers and parents we work with are amazing and love and support their kids. There are just a lot of pressures in their lives. Life-and-death stuff sometimes, so we hold space for them here and we know that matters.”

			“It does.” I had another overshare on the tip of my tongue, but thankfully Julia cut me off.

			“You know what? Let’s go to the playground. We can talk some more out there.”

			By the time we got out to a semi-enclosed space that seemed to be a climate-controlled playground, I’d gotten my feelings back on lock. I’d seen this type of space in Texas before. An outdoor area that they could keep somewhat cool in the summer months.

			“This is nice,” I said, pointing at the climbing wall.

			Julia beamed as we walked to a cluster of tables on one side. We passed a few kids as we went, and she stopped and said hello to each of them by name.

			Once we were sitting, she handed over the folder she’d had in her hand. “Here are the figures and reports you requested, but if there’s anything else you need to know, I’m available.”

			I was going to ask about the figures. I was going to ask about the reports. I was going to keep things as professional as possible. “I want to know what it is about this work that keeps you smiling.”

			She seemed surprised at my question, but the way she set her shoulders told me she had a very good answer for me. And I couldn’t wait to hear it. “It’s where I found my voice, and believe me, I was dragged kicking and screaming.” She fluttered a hand in front of her face like she was trying to figure out a better way to explain. “My dad’s a social worker too.”

			“Ah.” I definitely could not imagine wanting to follow in my own father’s footsteps.

			She shook her head, laughing at my very serious tone. “It was annoying growing up with a therapist, but he’s also the most decent man I know. He is a warrior for those who need it, and along the way I discovered I wanted to do that too.” I nodded like I could relate and let her keep talking.

			“And this is sort of a dream,” she twirled a finger in the air. “In the nonprofit world it’s almost unheard of to be able to work in a well-funded program, much less one with people who really get that kids need more than just a meal. So yeah, what we do changes lives, and I’m proud to be a part of it. Also my mom owns a hair salon in Forest Hills, so it was either social justice or Dominican blowouts for gentrifiers.”

			We both busted up at that. We laughed so hard some of the kids looked at us like we were nuts.

			I grinned as her laugh turned into a low chuckle, then pointed to the mass of curls framing her face. “Wow, a mom with a Dominican hair salon. This is a truly rebellious choice.”

			She narrowed her eyes at that but the corners of her mouth tipped up too. “How are you aware of Dominican hair drama? You had a girl from the DR or something?” She kept her tone light but there was real curiosity there. Julia Ortiz wanted to know my business.

			My hands tingled with the need to touch. To wrap a finger around one of those golden-brown coils and pull her in for a kiss. But I settled for what I could have: a bit more of her time.

			“I was pretty close with my high school baseball coach. Spent a lot of time at his place.” I lifted a shoulder as if I wasn’t revealing a piece of me I rarely ever shared. “He’s Puerto Rican, but his wife is Dominican.”

			“Oh.” Her eyes got big, because clearly there was a hell of a lot more to the story.

			I averted my eyes, not feeling ready to reveal the more sordid parts of my story. They landed on a cluster of teens who were all huddled together watching something on a phone. They were grinning and bumping each other’s shoulders. Kids being kids. Them getting that was in a big part Julia’s doing.

			And now here she was looking like hearing about me was the most important thing on her to-do list today. “I was at their place a lot when I was younger. His wife started going natural.” I said that while waving a hand over my head, like an ass. “There were a lot of phone conversations with her mom and sisters about it. I got an education in taking women’s grooming seriously.”

			She looked at me from under her lashes and I refused to even think it was anything more than the sun in her eyes.

			“You’re an interesting man, Rocco Quinn.”

			My heart had no business thumping against my chest like it was, and just as I was about to respond with something that would most likely put us fully out of the professional realm, one of the kids sat himself down next to Julia.

			“Hey, Ms. Ortiz, there’s a new TikTok from that account you like.” It took her a second to get her game face on but once she was focused on her student, the spell was broken.

			Julia had a job to do and so did I, and if we both wanted to keep them, we had to keep our focus off each other.





Chapter Seven


			Julia

			I can be professional with Rocco Quinn.

			That had been my mantra since the site visit yesterday. With every interaction, that man got more charming and intriguing. He’d been in work mode for the most part, but a couple of times he went off script and the glimpses I got confirmed that the more I got to know him, the more Rocco could potentially wreck my entire life plan.

			It was hard to tell what he’d thought about the programs in terms of the IPO but Gail had sounded less frazzled in our conference call this morning and had let it slip she’d had a long talk with the twins. So for now it was business as usual.

			I’d passed on that message to our staff at the after-school program site and was feeling pretty good about us getting through this transition. So, I had a pep in my step as I made my way to my car. And when a dinner invitation from the group chat José had roped us all into appeared on the screen of my phone, I literally jumped for joy.

			José: Who’s up for Margs and Tacos STAT?

			Salome immediately replied with a thumbs-up and not long after Dani said he was down, but would join us a little later.

			I quickly tapped in a response and was proud of myself for refraining from asking if any of the others were up for dinner.

			Julia: I’m a little OD’d on Tex-Mex (not that I don’t LOOOOOVE me some authentic tacos), but would anyone be up for some Dominican at my place? My mother’s sent something close to a ton of Goya products and I need to start using them.

			José and Salome responded within seconds.

			José: Guuurlll... YES. I would kill some guandules and maduros right now. Shit I’m drooling already. As long as you don’t make me cook, I am in. Maybe Salome can be sous chef?

			Salome: No habla kitchen. I grew up in the DR, we had a cook! I can do you some tostones, but dassit. I’ll do my best to hunt down some Presidente tho...

			I cackled at the mention of the Dominican beer.

			Julia: Perfect. I cook, you pour drinks. It’s on! Give me an hour?

			I sent a screenshot with my address as more yeses from Dani, José, and Salome came. And still no word from Tariq or a certain finance shark who I knew had to be looking at the messages. I should’ve suspected José was not going to leave that alone.

			José: Rocco and Tariq, are you still racking up billing hours in that cave you guys commandeered or can you come out tonight?

			I didn’t need to be cheesing at my phone, but that’s exactly what I was doing.

			“You’re in a hurry to get out of here today.”

			My happy evaporated like drops of water in the Texas sun when I heard the condescending tone of Victoria Morris, the clinical director of the after-school program, behind me. For a second I considered just ignoring her, but I knew that would only make her that much harder to deal with later and I could not afford drama with staff right now. I turned and tried my best to at least look civil, because with this woman pleasant was simply not a possibility.

			Victoria, or as she liked to be addressed, Vicki “with an i,” was an interesting character. Today she was dressed in a white cotton tunic with multicolored floral embroidery on the collar and hem. Vicki liked to wear “ethnic” fashions, and she made sure to let us know it was her way of seeming more approachable to our clients, “you know, because it’s something familiar.” One just had to make sure never to ask her where the shirts were from.

			Never mind she couldn’t tell between students who came from Mexico and those who came from Central America, and loved to make sweeping statements about “them.”

			I schooled my face into some kind of a smile and put my phone away as she approached. “Did I forget something?”

			She waved a hand in the space between us and shook her head. “Oh no.” Her tone was sickly sweet and it was very hard not to roll my eyes at her. “I was just wondering how things were going with the consultant? If there’s anything I can do, let me know. If he wants to meet clients, I can call them up and tell them to be ready for Monday.”

			I literally did a double take, because she could not be implying that she was calling clients on the weekends.

			“Vicki, I don’t think that’s appropriate.” I sighed and regrouped. “The consultant already did a visit.” Fuck, now she would be pissed that I never told her Rocco was coming. “We are not having him walk in on clients during therapy.”

			She narrowed her eyes at me, as if I was the one who was out of line. “Just make sure you remember to bring him around to the other programs. Some of us like to get a little credit for our work too.”

			Oh, that’s what she was after. I knew she’d be pissed that Gail asked me to deal with Rocco even though she had zero reasons be involved. For one, I was the person who oversaw the whole program and she only ran the counseling services. And for another, unlike Vicki, Gail was actively trying to keep the foundation from getting shut down. I would have to mention to Gail that Vicki was not only willing to break confidentiality to parade clients around for a consultant, but that she was apparently calling clients on the weekends.

			I held up a finger at her to look at my phone, which was buzzing in my hand.

			And I could not help the smile that appeared on my face when I saw the message.

			Rocco: A home-cooked meal sounds great, especially Dominican.

			“Oh, got a hot date or something?”

			Vicki had problems with boundaries, which was only part of the reason I regretted not pushing back when she’d first interviewed. Gail had insisted her extensive experience and connections in the Dallas public school system made up for all her other issues, but I wasn’t so convinced. On the surface she claimed to be ride or die for the program, but sometimes I really wondered about her. Especially when she seemed bound and determined to trample on my last nerve.

			I cleared my throat again and tried once more to keep the gathering I was dying to give her inside myself. “No, I’m just meeting friends for dinner.”

			I kept my eyes somewhere around her forehead, because if I had to look at her smug expression, I was not sure I could keep it together.

			“Don’t want to make you late. I still have some loose ends to tie up here. Some of us will put in those extra hours when needed.”

			I was not letting Vicki ruin my evening.

			I showed her my teeth in what I knew did not even look remotely like a smile and pointed toward the parking lot in the direction of my car. “Don’t work too hard, Vicki. You’re going to put the rest of us to shame.”

			I took the fact that I managed to unlock my jaw to say that as a win and walked off after wishing her a good night.



* * *



			I’d barely gotten into some comfortable clothes, cute ones, because I didn’t need Rocco seeing me looking like a slob, when José and Salome arrived.

			I didn’t stop moving around the kitchen and just called out to them while opening cans of coconut milk and pigeon peas. “It’s open! Come on in.”

			I smiled as I heard them roll into my apartment like two Spanglish-speaking tornados.

			José came over to give me a kiss on the cheek as he unloaded the bottles of wine he’d brought.

			I gave him a dirty looked as he pulled back. “You had to invite Rocco to that chat, didn’t you?” He clicked his tongue like I was talking nonsense. José had only been at Sturm’s about nine months, but he’d been working as a web designer in the fashion industry for a minute. He was not fazed by anything.

			He waved his hand as if the fact that we were fraternizing with the enemy was no big. “It’s not like any of us are anything other than employees. He’s doing a job and so are we.” He lifted a hand, palm out. “At the end of the day, it’s not like any of us can do anything other than do what we’re supposed to and let the bigwigs figure this out.”

			He wasn’t wrong and I wasn’t in the mood to argue, so I switched to a lighter topic.

			“Ooh, are those the new Guccis?” I asked as he nodded and tapped his toes and heels together like a Puerto Rican Dorothy.

			“Si, Nena.” He grabbed the wineglass I’d gotten for him from the cupboard, still admiring his white leather hi-tops with the green and red stripes. They matched perfectly with his skinny black jeans and fitted black Balmain long-sleeved shirt. “You know I can’t resist that employee discount. Not that you do either. Are those sweats that make your ass pop like Cardi’s from the new LV knits collection?”

			He actually slapped my backside as Salome cackled from a stool on the counter.

			And as if on fucking cue, Tariq and Rocco walked into my apartment.

			I covered my eyes with the back of my hand, mortified. “Oh my gawd, José, you’re a mess.”

			He just sipped on his wine, unbothered. “Oh good, more of the crew’s here.” I didn’t miss that he gave Tariq a very long look. The boy put his time in at the gym, that was for sure.

			I also didn’t miss that Rocco was looking like a six-foot-tall Italian-Irish sex-fever dream in my living room and presently taking a thorough look at my LV-knits-clad ass.

			“Nena, this is nice, you got a lot of space.” José snatched me out of staring at Rocco like a weirdo. I looked at him and nodded as he walked around my place.

			“It was supposed to be an apartment for two.” I laughed humorlessly, and got various versions of “poor Julia” smiles. “But fortunately, the rent isn’t too bad and I could keep the place.” I lifted a shoulder, taking the glass of wine Salome slid over the counter.

			José’s face shadowed for a moment at my words. He’d told us that he left New York City after his partner of over ten years had passed away. Too many memories. I gave his hand a squeeze but he bounced back quickly.

			“Well, regardless of the circumstances, here we are.” He waved a hand at the lot of us. “The Gotham Exiles repping NYC. The Republic of Texas better be ready.” We all laughed at that and moved to clink glasses.

			After a moment, I pointed at the spot where Rocco was standing while the others chatted on the couch. “Mr. Quinn.” I dipped my head and almost curtsied because I was a full-on dweeb now.

			He lifted a shoulder, a small smile on his lips as he held a bottle of cold beer. He was in his work clothes still. Gray slacks and a navy shirt with the sleeves folded up to his elbows. I gripped the counter behind me with both hands to keep from sighing.

			He was handsome and he was an extremely bad idea. That I needed to stay clear on.

			After another moment of awkward silence, he pushed off the wall and went to wash his hands. His big body taking up space in my kitchen.

			“How can I help with dinner?”

			My eyebrows almost flew off my forehead at his question. I took another sip of my wine, assessing him, and came over to where he was. “You cook?”

			Shit, proximity was not going to help me keep it together. The man smelled like lemon verbena and sweat, and the combo was really loosening joints that needed to stay strong if I wanted to keep my job.

			He looked at me and it was like he was figuring out a really hard question. I could relate.

			“I do. I’m pretty decent at it.” He gestured to the cilantro, onion, garlic, and tomatoes I’d pulled out of the fridge. “You making sofrito?”

			Okay, that shouldn’t have made me gasp, but it did. I nodded and started moving, since it was getting close to six thirty and people were going to get hungry. “You got Caribbean food at your coach’s?”

			He looked surprised. “You remember that?”

			“Of course I do.” I nodded, wondering how low Rocco was on the priority lists of the people in his life that he felt special when I recalled something he’d told me the day before.

			“Coach’s actually a really great cook. And he always recruited me to help. So I can give you a hand.”

			I pointed at the stove as I talked. “I was going to make a moro de guandules con coco and some pollo guisado.” I walked around him to open the fridge and pull out the chicken thighs I’d gotten at the market on my way home.

			When I popped up, he was not even pretending to be looking anywhere but at my ass. And, of course, there went the butterflies swooping around in my belly. Yeah, this plan to keep it professional was working out great.

			I cleared my throat and tried my best to get my body temperature under control while he stared at me like he had all the time in the world. I almost asked him if he was trying to mess with me, then realized he was waiting for instructions.

			Get it together, Julia.

			I gestured to the pile of ingredients on the counter. “You work on the sofrito and I’ll start the rice.” I wasn’t super confident he knew what he was doing, but I had to get his eyes on some food and off me before one of us got maimed in this kitchen.

			But within a few minutes of working in companionable silence, he’d chopped up the veggies and was frying up tomato paste in olive oil to make the sofrito, exactly like my abuela taught me. Rocco just kept shattering all my assumptions.

			“Damn, you do know what you’re doing.” I wasn’t joking; he’d chopped that onion and tomato perfectly and was mixing them into the hot tomato paste like a pro.

			He smiled shyly as he worked. “I spent a lot of time with Coach and his wife during high school and in college. I told you he was Boricua.”

			He tried to sound upbeat but I didn’t miss the tinge of sadness whenever he talked about college and high school.

			“Pass me the chicken?” Rocco’s voice was soft when he worked, like he needed the rest of his energy to focus on doing a good job. I passed him the plate with six thighs and he placed each one gently in the pan, skin down.

			I passed him his beer and we both watched the chicken sizzle as we took long sips of our drinks.

			“So how did you get so close to your coach?” I knew I was going into territory that would put me very far from my initial plans with Rocco, but this man was so unexpected I could not resist wanting to know more.

			He ran a finger on the edge of the granite countertop, taking his time. “My home life was kind of messed up growing up and he helped me out. His wife was great, but she wasn’t into cooking so I would always help out when I was over there.”

			His smile was a little broken and I should’ve taken the heat radiating in my chest as a red flag that going further in was not advisable.

			“I’m glad that your coach did the good work of indoctrinating you into sofrito. Did you guys hang a lot after you finished school?”

			He lifted a shoulder as he watched the chicken browning in the pan. “Yeah, we still do. He helped me a lot. I couldn’t afford the dorms at Columbia, so I stayed with him and his wife the first couple of years of school. I ended up making decent money tutoring other kids. That gig got me through the end of undergrad and then business school.”

			I raised an eyebrow at his casual mention of where he went to college. “Columbia, undergrad and business school? Damn, you fancy. No wonder you’re bringing in the dineros.”

			He snorted at my comment and looked at me a little incredulously. “You know I get the CVs for all the program directors, right? I’ve seen your credentials.”

			Okay, that smart-assness came back to bite me. “No, I didn’t, but I’m glad you’re aware how impressive I am.”

			He bit his bottom lip like the sexy-ass fucker he was while he competently flipped the chicken in the pan. “You got a master in nonprofit management and master of social work. You’re not exactly a slouch in the higher education department.”

			I looked over to see what the other four were doing and it seemed that they were engrossed in whatever Dani was showing them on his phone. “My dad is tenured at CUNY so I got a lot of breaks on tuition.”

			Now I was the one shrugging, and feeling like I wanted to share this little bit of myself that I rarely talked about with anyone. “I started with social work, but after a while I noticed that even with my master’s there were only certain jobs out there. I could be a therapist, maybe a supervisor. But a director? Nah.” I shook my head at Rocco, who had put a lid on the pan and was now fully focused on me. “Those jobs went to white women. The black and brown social workers who were serving the black and brown customers, we were frontline staff, maybe middle management. None of the executives ever looked like me.”

			I looked up at him expecting to find defensiveness, or a pursed mouth in response to what I’d said, but the only thing I saw were open eyes and understanding.

			“Coach always talked about that. That even though in the city schools most of the kids weren’t white, the faculty and administrators were. That it impacted the odds of kids being able to thrive.”

			Fuck. Of course he wouldn’t be an ass about this.

			I tripped on my tongue when I tried to say something to that effect. In the end, I exhaled and just let this moment of feeling understood be what it was: good.

			“Yeah, it’s also an issue in social services agencies and nonprofits. The people doing all the programming and making the decisions don’t look like the kids and adults they’re planning for, and no matter how good their intentions, we need to have a seat at the table too. We have an understanding that only comes from living through similar things.”

			I turned to fill my glass again, and pointed at his half-drunk beer. “You good?”

			“I’m cool.” I smiled, again because every once in a while, the Queens just jumped out of Rocco, and if possible that made him even hotter.

			“Anyway, I went back and got my master in management, so nobody could tell me I couldn’t run my own show.” I slid a hand over the granite of the counter and once again looked for words to talk about things I rarely voiced out loud. “That’s why this job is so awesome. They’ve just let me run with it. I built that program for the kids and families I always dreamed of working with from the ground up.”

			He looked at me then and I knew we were both thinking the same thing. Hoping that him doing his job didn’t have to cost me mine.

			“You’re a badass, Julia Ortiz.”

			He said it like he meant it, and for that second I believed him.

			“So are you, Rocco Quinn. Born and raised in the best borough. We came out of the womb ready to kick ass.”

			That got me a scorching long look from under hooded lids that reminded me of the ones I got from the boys back on the block when they wanted something with me. This man had just enough street in him to make me falter in my celibacy plans, no doubt.

			I needed to drop some work shit into this moment because I was getting dangerously close to getting tripped up. “What did you think of the visit?”

			He cocked his head to the side as if he knew I was backtracking on the personal talk. “You’re running a great program.”

			No reassurance that he would put in a good word or not mess with it, but I also knew that was not his call. Best to leave it alone and let myself have a night with friends. I fucking deserved this.

			“So now that you know I can make sofrito, does that mean we’re more than professional acquaintances?” The hint of playfulness in his smile made the blood bubble under my skin.

			Grinning would not help matters right now. “You could say we’re on friendly terms now.”

			He snorted as he ran a big hand over his hair. It was so black, it almost looked fake. Thick and getting just long enough it was curling at the end. When he spoke there was still humor there but he was not joking. “We better be careful then, things are getting dangerously close to real friends.”

			Between the heat coming from the stove and the way Rocco’s eyes were boring into me, I was pretty damn close to fanning myself. Thankfully, we were in an apartment full of New Yorkers and Tariq’s holler broke the spell.

			“Anybody want another drink?”

			We both practically jumped and went back to cleaning up before joining the others on the couch, the smells of coconut and sofrito and the chatter in Spanish making my apartment feel like home in a way that didn’t ache for the first time since I’d gotten to Dallas.





Chapter Eight


			Rocco

			I pulled up to the curve of Julia’s building and thanked God for my tinted windows, because I knew my jaw had to be on the floor and drooling was almost certainly happening.

			Holy shit, this woman was going to be the fucking end of me. In the week since the visit to her program and dinner at her place, Julia and I managed to somehow keep things on the up-and-up when it came to my job and hers. She had been decidedly less friendly at the office than she’d been at her place, but things were definitely a lot warmer than in the beginning.

			And now it was Sunday and we were all headed to a Rangers game that my firm had given me tickets for. When I’d sent out the message inviting the group, Julia had been so quiet I thought she’d say no, but in the end she accepted, and since then I’d been trying to tell my thirsty self that this was not a date.

			Except Julia’s game-day attire involved cutoff jeans, which were almost certainly going to give me heart failure. Of course I had to fuck myself over by organizing an outing that had shorts as a dress code. I let my eyes slip a couple of times but made sure that they were above boob level when she got close enough to see me, but she must’ve caught on to something.

			I let out a snort as she death-glared me through the windshield.

			Was that a Yankees jersey? And why was she not getting in the car?

			I opened my door and stepped out, and the mean mugging didn’t stop once we were face to face.

			“Rocco? What are you doing here? I thought José was coming to pick me up.”

			Dammit José, she was probably trying to keep her distance. Like I should be doing.

			“Sorry,” I said, feeling like a total jackass. “He said since we lived so close I should get you and he’d pick up Tariq.”

			She frowned at my answer like she didn’t believe me, then checked her phone. Whatever she saw there must’ve confirmed my story, because she started moving toward the door. That gave me another chance to look at her outfit, and yes, I was going to have a lot of trouble keeping my eyes on the road.

			“José is a manipulative little shit. Lucky for him my family history has ingrained in me a high tolerance for his particular brand of bullshit,” she snapped out tersely, but a laugh escaped too. This woman had a soft heart, but she took no bullshit.

			She gave me a long look as she slid down into her seat but did not protest further. I tried hard not to stare for too long as I waited on her to settle in before closing the car door.

			Those were very short shorts and the gray tank top she had on under her jersey was giving me an incredible view of her of her assets.

			When I was finally in my seat, I looked over and couldn’t help but tease her. “So you’re just going to betray your borough like that, then? And for Cano? Isn’t he on the West Coast somewhere now?”

			She cut her eyes at me as she adjusted her seat belt, raising a shoulder to indicate just how little she cared about my views on her jersey choice.

			“Don’t talk about my baseball husband, Rocco. It’s rude to remind people of painful events in their life.” At that she lifted the corner of her mouth and looked at me. “He’s Dominican.”

			A laugh burst out of me when I realized that was the extent of her explanation. “He is that, but there are also a lot of Dominicans playing for the Mets.”

			“My dad grew up in the BX and that’s where my mom lived when she first came from the DR. So we’re a Yankees household. Also, Cano is fine as hell with those lips and that ass. And he does a ton of work for immigrant families.”

			Rationally I knew there was no reason for me to want to go looking for the man and punch him, but I really, really wanted to.

			“I guess, if your thing is rich, hot and nice...” I said, deadpan, hoping to get another laugh out of her.

			My chest puffed up when I heard her giggle as she looked through her bag. “You think you’re cute.”

			I was not a man to waste an opportunity. “I’m not going to brag, but my niece has called me boo-tiful on more than one occasion.”

			I knew I’d get her with that one. She actually paused from whatever she was looking at on her phone and looked up at me. “You’re playing dirty, but that’s sweet.”

			I was going to say some more dumbass shit since so far I was two for two in getting more smiles than side-eye when her phone rang.

			She was staring at it, looking a little embarrassed. “You can take it, no worries.”

			“Do you mind if I FaceTime my family for a minute? It’s my sister’s birthday.”

			That was really fucking cute, as if I needed any more excuses to be into this woman. “Sure, go ahead, I don’t mind.”

			Within a few seconds, an explosion of voices speaking over each other in English and Spanish filled the space of my car. I looked over at Julia and saw her face light up at whomever she was looking at on the screen.

			“Lita, we’ve been waiting for you, Mami! You know we can’t sing ‘Happy Birthday’ without you.”

			She looked so damn happy. “Abuela, it’s like noon here. How come you haven’t sung to her yet?”

			I heard the sound of someone clicking their tongue in disgust, and had to press my lips together not to laugh. “You know how your little sister is, she’s still sleeping, but it’s 1:00 p.m., we’re just going to wake her up. Did you get the cosita I sent you?”

			From my periphery, I heard a huff that sounded a lot more like affection than exasperation, and saw she was grinning as she shook her head at the screen. “Abue, you and Mami need to stop sending me food and VapoRub. The postal service is going to start wondering what’s wrong with me!”

			From the phone I heard a dismissive noise and a younger woman spoke up. “Lita mija, we just want to make sure you can eat like home over there. I talked to Yanel the other day and she said her daughter can find our food where she lives. I wrote down the name of the store for you.”

			I was literally holding my breath trying not to laugh, because this was the most adorable conversation I’d ever heard.

			When Julia spoke up next, I almost lost it. If someone could actually speak in eye roll, it was Julia. “Abue, Yanel’s daughter is in San Antonio. That’s really far from Dallas. I don’t know why I told you guys I couldn’t find guandules here. You’d think I’d said I couldn’t find water.”

			The sounds coming from the phone confirmed that for her mom and grandma, lack of guandules was right up there with lethal levels of dehydration.

			Julia was not having it though. “Okay, guys, let’s do this. I’m in a car with a friend going to a ball game, so I can’t be on the phone too long.”

			Another voice all of a sudden broke out. This time it was a male. “Mija, you’re getting out there and making friends, that’s good. Who is it? What’s her name?”

			Julia turned her head toward me and I winked at her, not sure why she was asking me for permission.

			“He’s a friend from work. He’s from Queens.”

			A lot of cooing and shouting ensued after, which all sounded positive, if extremely loud. My mom was Italian and my dad Irish, so I had not exactly grown up in a quiet household, but there had definitely not been this level of excitement.

			“Is he Boricua?” Seems like Mom was back again, and yeah, witnessing this side of Julia was not going to make keeping my distance any easier.

			She cleared her throat before answering, and I could feel the weight of her stare for a long time before she answered. “No, Ma,” she said, barely containing a laugh. “Not every person in Queens is Puerto Rican or Dominican.”

			Another voice came on the phone. This time it was the man who I assumed was Dad. “Is he the Mets fan? Pobre pendejo.”

			“Papi! Oh my God. You do the most,” she said, laughing again.

			I didn’t miss that she’d at least mentioned me to her dad. Even though the information she provided did result in me being mocked in Spanish.

			“Hey, I really need to go soon, so let’s sing cumple to Paula.” She sounded a little flustered and looked over at me as if worried that I’d understood. I wasn’t sure how I would break it to her that my Spanish was pretty damn good.

			I heard some more shuffling sounds from the phone, then lots of whispering, and before I knew it Julia was belting out the Spanish version of “Happy Birthday” at the top of her lungs while I drove us into Arlington.

			As I listened to her sing her heart out to her sister back in New York, I wondered if I’d ever been around anyone this free. Feeling a part of that moment, being there to see it, made me want so much.

			I came back from my stormy thoughts when Julia waved her hand in my peripheral vision.

			“Hey, sorry. I got distracted.”

			“No worries. I was just apologizing for how loud they got. My parents and my grandma only have one volume setting, and it’s loud.”

			I smiled at that, shaking my head. “It’s fine. Sounds like they miss you a lot, and that they’re very worried about the lack of guandules in Texas.”

			She exhaled and I saw her put her head back on the seat. I wish I could say I didn’t perv on how the swell of her breasts looked with her head thrown back like that, but I’d be lying.

			She smiled sadly at whatever came to mind, then rolled her head to look at me. “Right after the disaster with Matt—that’s my ex—I went to the store to get some stuff to make some food. I really wanted sancocho. You know what that is?”

			I scoffed at that, because really. “Julia, I ate Dominican rice and beans, maduros, and pernil at least once a week my entire childhood.”

			“Damn, your accent is pretty good.” She sounded impressed.

			“I can manage in español,” I offered as she gave me a narrowed look from under very long eyelashes.

			“You’re full of surprises.” She sounded legitimately perplexed. “Anyway, I went to like three Latinx food stores and couldn’t find the ingredients or even a can of guandules to make moro, so I called my mom from the car bawling. It wasn’t really about the sancocho though.”

			I couldn’t even relate to what it was like to call your mother in a time of need, but I could hear how low that moment had felt for her. “That was the last straw, huh?”

			“Yes, I felt dumb, trapped, homesick, and I just wanted something that was familiar and when I couldn’t even do that I lost it. My mother and abuela need to feel like they can fix all my problems, and sending bags and bags of dry peas makes them feel like they are.”

			There seemed to be more there, and I thought she wouldn’t go into it, but to my surprise after a moment she started talking again. “I miss them, but it’s hard for them to let me go, and that makes it harder for me to move on, to feel settled here. What you said before about never leaving the city, it’s the same for me basically.” She leaned forward, I assumed to get a look at my reaction, and kept explaining. “I’ve travelled, of course, but I haven’t really lived anywhere other than New York. Still, in a weird way, I’ve felt more like myself here than ever before.”

			I made a noise at that, curious about what she meant. It seemed to me that with a family like hers, there really would be no place like home. Everything would pale in comparison. “How so?”

			I turned to glance at her for a second and found her looking at me, her eyes not as humorous as they’d been before. “There is no standard. No one to watch if I’m living up to my dad and my mom’s example or whatever ‘rules for proper brown girls’ are being dictated on the block.”

			“I get that,” I said and she laughed, the “yeah, right” loud and clear. “I mean obviously not the brown girl part. But the feeling that I couldn’t be my own man if I stayed too close to them.”

			I didn’t add that my fear came from dreading I’d turn into my father, not because I had anyone to disappoint.

			“Yeah.” She looked out the window, and when she spoke it was soft, almost like she was saying it more to herself than to me. “I’m just Julia here.” She didn’t have to explain it; I understood what she meant. Here I felt like I could finally think about what I wanted, not what would make things easier for my sister. I wasn’t responsible for anyone but myself for a change, and even though those obligations still loomed large, I felt freer. I almost told her that, but the ballpark was straight ahead so I pointed to it instead.

			“We’re here. The VIP suite tickets get some parking garage passes. So we don’t have to walk in the sun.”

			It was October but it was hot as hell out, and this Dallas heat wasn’t anyone’s friend.

			Julia nodded and shifted in her seat, looking ahead. “I’ve never been to this park, but I love a ball game on a Sunday afternoon. My family and I always went to a few games each season.”

			“Yankees or Mets? Because you got me all confused with this lack of loyalty to your borough,” I teased.

			“Yankees, damn. I was in the middle of saying thank you, Mr. Rude,” she countered with obvious fake annoyance. “I’ve never been in an executive suite. This is really generous of you.”

			I didn’t say anything as I maneuvered the car into a parking spot in a covered garage connected to the stadium. When I powered down the car, I turned around to look at her.

			“I’m glad you took me up on it.”

			She looked ahead, clearly not wanting to make too much eye contact at that precise moment. “I almost didn’t.” There was no edge to how she said it, just bemusement, like she still couldn’t figure out how she’d ended up in my car.

			Julia looked at me for a moment longer and I wondered what she was thinking. She looked torn, like she wanted to say something, but at the end she just grabbed her purse and got out of the car. I did the same but before walking up to her, I stepped back, just so I could watch her. I didn’t want to creep, but those brown toned legs went on forever. When I looked at her feet, I could not help the smile tugging at my lips.

			“Silver glitter Chucks. I approve.” She preened and I almost moved in and nipped at those lips. Her lipstick was a deep red, that same shade that looked like wine, and I wanted a taste.

			“Thanks. I thought the gold ones would clash with my Yankees colors.”

			I bit my lip to keep from grinning at how serious she sounded and gestured toward the elevators that would take us to the suites. “Despite my feelings about your lack of love for the best NYC team, I do admire your dedication. I feel like I’m not properly representing with just my Mets hat. I’m not doing Queens justice.”

			She tapped my shoulder as we walked and I could’ve sworn there was an electric shock. This woman had me feeling too many things. I’d seen what she’d built for the kids in her program. Her dedication to them. The love she had for her family. And now I knew what her ass looked like in cutoffs.

			I was fucking doomed.

			“Why so sad?” she asked, pulling me out of my head and back to her. I wondered if she was about to get serious, but when I looked at her, the grin on her face told me she was one hundred percent still on her bullshit. “Next time I’ll bring you one of my Yankees fitteds.”

			She hurried off, laughing hysterically, and all I could do was chase after her.





Chapter Nine


			Julia

			“The suite is just in here, ma’am.”

			I looked over my shoulder as Rocco nodded in the direction of the dark wood double doors that the security guy decked out in full-on Rangers regalia was pointing at. We’d gotten into the stadium through some premium VIP line and then gone up in an elevator to the executive suites floor. It wasn’t like I was a country bumpkin, I had paid for VIP tickets for the Lemonade tour (because, Beyoncé), but this was literally a whole new ball game.

			I walked into the air-conditioned room and saw the incredible floor-to-ceiling glass wall with an amazing view of second base. I turned around as Rocco whispered something to a guy who’d come out with a spread of sports-watching snacks from a secret door behind the bar—because we had a bar. There were wings, chips, dips, and all kinds of other delicious-looking stuff.

			“What exactly is your job title?”

			He gave me a little grin, like he thought my saltiness was super cute. I’d almost overshared when we were in the car, and told him that he was really messing with my plan. But it was hard to look mad when a man that hot was being this nice. And Lord above, his ass. He was wearing jeans that were molded to his strong legs and a gray T-shirt that shouldn’t be as arousing as it was plastered to his massive chest. It was very hard not to stare.

			I literally jumped when his voice startled me out of my very non-friendly or professional thoughts. “This suite doesn’t belong to Davidson’s. They just give us tickets so we can have stuff to do on the weekends when we’re on long assignments. Incentive for teams to stay in town. Hell of a lot cheaper than paying for flights back and forth, and also they like to promote a work-life balance.” He used air quotes for the last part, but then went on. “They do a good job of not making us work a lot of hours, and encourage us to unplug.”

			Well, that was different. “That’s awesome. Honestly, that’s part of why I love Sturm’s. It’s been nice to work for a nonprofit that really looks after the employees. They’re sort of militant about self-care.”

			We got into another one of the stare-offs that seemed to be our main form of communication. I wanted to ask him, just straight out, what was going through his head when he looked at me like that. It wasn’t even flirty or suggestive; he looked at me like I was code he just couldn’t crack.

			The feeling was mutual. And also not the smartest headspace to be in. He was hot, yes. The thought of getting to see that tattoo live and in person definitely made me salivate, but I was not going there.

			Resist. I had to resist. I gestured toward the bar. “Can I buy you a drink?”

			He stopped short at my words and I realized they might’ve sounded a little more suggestive then I intended. What resulted was Rocco Quinn’s most lethal weapon yet: an unguarded smile. I wondered what it would be like to have that smile be only mine. That the ones everyone else got were just a shadow compared to with Rocco Quinn’s “Julia” smile.

			And why did I need to go there always? To the place where I fantasized about being someone’s one and only. That’s the bullshit that kept me tied to Matt for so long. I didn’t need some man’s besotted gaze to make me happy. I was the shit without all that.

			“How about that drink? What’s your poison?” Why the hell was I being so damn loud and talking like a character in a noir film?

			He must’ve seen something in my face that wiped the smile off his. I wasn’t going to feel bad. This was for the best.

			“Sure. If you’re buying.”

			Yeah, the lightness from before was gone. So I, of course, doubled down on acting like a lunatic.

			“Open bar is the best bar.” I was yelling now.

			Someone save my ass from myself.

			This time Rocco’s lips tipped up, and I couldn’t blame him. If I was him I’d be laughing at me too.

			I walked over to the bartender, who, judging from the way he was looking at me, also thought I was not right in the head. “Hook me up, dude,” I said, pointing at the knob with the beer I wanted.

			“Do I need to card you?”

			Oh? Was that a bit of flirting I detected from the bartender? Now that I looked closely, he was seriously hot.

			This was the distraction I needed. I wasn’t looking for a man, but I could certainly play a little. A bit of flirtatious banter with Mr. Hottie Mixologist would at least temporarily take my mind off Rocco. I propped myself on a stool, ready to engage. “If you insist.” I reached into my clutch to fish out my ID when Rocco came up beside me.

			“She’s of age.”

			Someone sounded cranky.

			“Chill out, Rocco, he was just playing.” He didn’t look angry, but he didn’t look happy either. For a moment he closed his eyes and took a deep breath and I saw the tension drain out of his body. An amateur wouldn’t have noticed. But someone had taught Rocco how to manage himself, and from the look of it, what he needed to manage was the bartender getting flirty with me.

			Before I knew what I was doing, I lifted my hand and squeezed his shoulder. He startled, but then he froze as if trying to keep me there.

			“No worries. Ever since I turned thirty last year, I love getting carded.”

			I winked at the bartender, who slid a pint of the cloudy cold beer toward me.

			But I kept my attention on Rocco, my hand still tightened around him. I wasn’t sure who was grounding who at the moment.

			“Don’t you want one?” I asked, holding up the frosty glass to him.

			He shook his head. “Nah, I’m driving. You can buy me an iced tea, unsweetened.” That last part was more for the bartender. Rocco had expressed on multiple occasions how much he hated sweet tea. The look on his face, like he was personally offended by the fact that people put sugar in their tea, cracked me up. I was still chuckling when he went in for another full attack on my senses. He leaned closer and ran a finger on the side of my frosty glass. “It looks good though.”

			Our arms didn’t actually touch, but the closeness of our bare arms sent tremors up and down my spine. I took a gulp of my beer, just to have something to do, and because I seemed hell-bent into turning this as awkward as possible. I offered him my glass. “It’s really cold. Here, have a sip.”

			Why was it so hard for me to keep things cordial with Rocco?

			“I could use a taste.”

			Wow, that sounded so filthy, and I took full responsibility for putting us on the path of filth.

			I swallowed hard and loosened my fingers to pass him the glass. His big hands gripped it, but his eyes were not on the beer. They were on me.

			As mine were on him.

			I felt a pulse in my nether regions that was entirely inappropriate for the time and the venue...and the man. I held my breath as he brought the glass to his lips and drank deeply, eyes closed. When he passed it back to me, he licked his lips and I swear I almost choked on my own tongue.

			“That’s good beer.”

			I made a sound that could’ve been a yes, but mostly I was trying hard to not let him see I was practically panting.

			For a second I panicked and thought we were putting on a show for the bartender, but he’d slipped away to put some more food on the table. Or maybe he was just giving us some space so we could eye-fuck each other in peace.

			Rocco leaned into me as he ran his tongue over his bottom lip and I could swear I felt it on my nipple.

			What was that sound? Oh, that was just me heavy breathing.

			I was going to kiss him. Screw this, I was a grown-ass woman and I did what I fucking wanted, and I just needed to know what those lips felt like. That’s right, it was just research. I would kiss him and then I’d know and I could move on from this fixation. It was worth a try. I leaned forward, my eyes zeroed in on those perfect lips.

			Just as I was disbanding all my plans to not let this man disband my life, a slam of the door saved me from myself, and startled me so bad I fell off the stool.

			Rocco, bless him, did not laugh at me as he pulled me up. Thankfully my humiliation was obscured by José’s hollering.

			“We’re here! Dani’s the DD, so where’s the free liquor?”

			“Are you okay, Julia?” That was Salome, who sounded not so much concerned as trying hard not to laugh at me.

			I raised my hand in the air like a jackass. “I’m good.”

			The spell broke as the tension from the last few minutes fizzled out, and thank Desus & Mero that my face does not blush, because Rocco actually winked at me before his long limbs swallowed up the space from the bar to the door as he went to meet the rest of our friends.

			“Welcome, we were wondering what was taking you so long.”

			I knew I was reading too much into the last five minutes, but that “we” sounded like a thing. And no matter how much my treacherous privates were clamoring for “things,” I had to stay strong.

			I walked over to José, who was now cooing over the buffet table and taking photos with his phone. I pinched his shoulder and pointed at my cheek, asking for a kiss hello.

			“Y que, Nena? You didn’t fall on your cute ass fast enough for me not to see you were getting up close and personal with Mr. Quinn. Mmmm.” He literally moaned. “Not that I blame you. He looks good in a suit, but those jeans are something else.” He pointed a very not casual finger at Rocco—who was now in one of the dozen huge leather seats chatting with Dani and Salome.

			I lifted a shoulder and passed him a plate. Getting him distracted with free food was the only weapon I had. “Here. This looks good, right?”

			José started putting stuff on his plate. “Uh-huh, amazing, chicken wings and baby carrots,” he said distractedly, as he piled stuff on his plate and gestured in Rocco’s direction again. “What was happening with you two when we walked in? It looked intense.” His stage whisper was not low at all, because why not have my life out for public consumption?

			I avoided looking at José and kept putting shit on my own plate as I compulsively looked over at the man in question. He seemed to be focused on whatever he was reading on his phone though.

			“What’s he doing?”

			“Looking fine is what he is doing.”

			I ignored José and kept staring at him like a creep. After a moment, he put his phone down, and stretched to grab the bottle of water on the table in front of the huge leather recliners that overlooked the field. I could see the top of his tattoo peeking out from his tee and I legit shuddered.



* * *



			“Damn, friend, now I really want to know what you two were up to. It may have been a while since the lure of the dick had me addled and confused, but I can still recognize the symptoms.”

			I rolled my eyes at José munching on a tortilla chip hard enough to dislocate something. “Nothing happened.”

			José’s mouth twisted to the side. He, of course, was not buying it. “Gurl, who are you trying to fool? But fine, suit yourself. I’m just going to say this—he’s been sending you the same looks you’re giving him. Neither of you are very good at being coy.”

			I laughed at that as we both grabbed our plates and headed to the bar. “Gee, thanks.” It occurred to me that Tariq was still not here, and he was supposed to arrive with José.

			“Where’s Tariq?” Just as I asked the question, the man himself came through the door.

			“Hey, guys.” I couldn’t blame José for looking a little peaked—that boy’s smile was a force of nature. He came in and kissed and hugged his way through the group and then zeroed in on his biggest fan. As per usual, José’s attention fell solely on the new arrival, and I was free from further interrogation. I was not the only one who was getting distracted with a fellow member of the GEC.

			As José helped Tariq get some food and drinks, I walked over to where Salome, Dani, and Rocco were sitting.

			Salome winked at me as Dani inspected my plate.

			“Looks like there’s stuff for me to eat. At least I won’t starve since José tricked me into being DD today.” I laughed at Dani’s aggravated tone and nodded.

			“Yeah, there are lots of veggie-friendly choices.”

			“I’ll go look too,” Salome piped in and soon those two were off, which left Rocco and me on our own again.

			Rocco leaned in to inspect my plate too and I got another whiff of him. He smelled earthy and little bit like an essential oil of some kind. I was not going to press my nose to his neck to figure it out though.

			“What’d you get?” Why did him asking me about ranch dressing and seven-layer dip sound pornographic?

			I was too flustered to respond with something appropriate, so I did what any sane person would do in an emergency situation. I stuffed my mouth with chicken and pressed a celery stick to his mouth.



* * *



			The game was about halfway in and I’d finally managed to get my shit together after what had been a very close call. Rocco was sitting a couple of seats away and I was next to José and Salome, who were both intensely rehashing the ongoing season of Drag Race and not even trying to look like they were watching the game.

			I loved baseball and being in a fancy ballpark suite was sort of a wish come true, but I couldn’t focus. I kept looking over at Rocco, who was now turned to the side, so his back was to me and I could clearly see the edge of his tattoo. I wanted to see that tattoo bad. I wanted to touch him even worse.

			“Damn, you got it bad for that gringo, girl.” Salome’s amused whisper snapped me out of what was obviously not very discreet staring.

			“He’s only like two seats away. He can hear you.” She just shook her head and sipped from her glass of wine. “What’s going on with you anyways?” I needed a distraction and focusing on Salome was the way to go.

			She’d shorn off most of her hair last week and just left a mop of curls on top, which were swept to one side. With her tattoos and light hazel eyes, she looked striking. She was tall and very slim, and if she hadn’t gone the academic route, she could’ve been a runway model.

			I looked over at Rocco, who was still watching the game and chatting with Tariq and Dani, and turned to Salome. “Seriously, girl, how’s work?”

			José perked up then. I’d heard him giving her some advice earlier about handling her coworkers. She lifted a shoulder and put down her glass.

			“Eh, que te digo? My department is all older white dudes and me. They’re nice, don’t get me wrong, but they’re clueless and it’s annoying.” Her tone was neutral but her expression serious, and I wondered what she was putting up with. “Well, they’re not all nice, but most are. It’s just hard.” She waved her hand then, as if conceding a point. “Not that I didn’t know that would happen. Applied economics is a man’s world, and honestly landing a tenure-track position that was willing to sponsor my work visa is nothing to be mad about.”

			I nodded, remembering all her family was still in the DR. I wondered how that was for her. To me the island had always been a little mysterious. We’d gone to visit my mother’s family often enough, especially before my grandmother made the permanent move to the States. It was wild that Salome had actually grown up there.

			“Are you going back to the DR for the holidays?”

			She nodded and a reluctant smile spread across her lips. “Yes, I’m going for Christmas, but my mom and sister are flying to LA for Thanksgiving. I’m meeting them there. The LACMA has this big exhibit on Latinx Queer History I’ve been wanting to go to and they’re going to come with me.”

			It always made me smile when Salome talked about how great and accepting her fam was. “That sounds fun! How about you, José?”

			José’s eyes went a little cloudy and I remembered talking about home was still hard for him.

			“I’m going to Santa Fe with my in-laws for Thanksgiving. They’re retired now, and moved to Phoenix a couple of years ago. So I’m flying there and then we’ll drive together to New Mexico.”

			He was still very much in the grieving process. I tended to get all “therapist-like” on the people I cared about, as Alba liked to point out, so I tried to keep it casual now and not get into José’s business.

			“It’s nice that you’re so close to them. Are you seeing them for Christmas too?” He shook his head and a small hopeful smile appeared on his face. “No. Tariq invited me to spend it with his family. They’re coming here to escape the cold—well, at least the ‘colder.’ Apparently, there will be Honduran tamales and sopa de caracol. Not missing that!”

			I moaned at the mention of the delish seafood soup. “Oh man, that sounds yum.” I turned around to where Tariq, Dani, and Rocco were sitting, and before I gave it too much thought I was asking for information I was better off not having. “How about you guys? Any plans for Thanksgiving? Also, Tariq, I want some tamales.”

			I got a thumbs-up from the Honduran hottie since he had his mouth full of wings. Dani smiled wide, his booming voice filling up the room. “Going to see my folks in NYC. I also have some gigs for appearances at clubs.” He grinned and rubbed his thumbs and index fingers together. “Gotta make that schmoney.”

			We all laughed at that. Dani was always making money moves.

			Tariq spoke next after getting down the impressive amount of chicken he’d stuffed in his mouth. “Going to Houston. One of my aunties settled there, so Moms and I are going down to see her.” Tariq was such a family guy, and the way José looked at him every time he mentioned his “Moms,” it was only a matter of time before those two got up to something.

			Rocco, on the other hand, was not forthcoming with an answer and I noticed he seemed embarrassed. His face had that same shuttered expression he’d worn at the bar that first night. I was about to rescue him, feeling guilty for whatever unpleasant situation I brought up for him, but—before I dove into the deep end of the dysfunctional waters I so loved to tread in—he spoke up.

			“I’m staying in town. I usually chill on Thanksgiving, get a bunch of food the day before, go to the gym, and just watch football.” He smiled wide, like that was the best plan ever, but I could see the bleakness in his eyes, and goddammit, this was not my problem.

			And yet once again, the word vomit happened.

			“I’ll be in town too. It’s too much to go home for Thanksgiving and Christmas, so I’ll be around if you want to hang out.”

			Oh my God. What the fuck?

			“I mean, not that you have to. I’m not really into football so—”

			Help me. Someone please, save me from myself.

			Someone up there must’ve been in the mood to do me a solid. Because just as I was tripping all over my word mess, and had all the exiles looking at me like I’d lost it, the door slammed open and a whirlwind of primary colors and very expensive perfume broke into the suite.

			“Rocco, darling.”

			Two women who looked to be in their fifties barreled into the room and took turns giving Rocco—who stood up as soon as he saw them—double kisses. It took me a moment to realize they were “the Twins,” Mitzy and Muffy Sturm.

			Those two were something else. I’d only met them once before when I presented the new program to the executive board, and there was nowhere near this level of closeness. The two were fans of Rocco’s, that was for sure. After a long round of air kisses and hugs, they finally looked around the room. Between them they were wearing a dozen shades of red.

			“Mitzy, look who’s here!” They were very hard to tell apart, but thankfully they had different hairstyles. Muffy, the one who was headed our way, had her silver hair very short, almost a crew cut. That, paired with burgundy skinny jeans and a fire-engine-red linen shirt she’d French-tucked to show off a rose-gold Hermes belt, was a whole fucking look.

			“I’m so glad to see you!”

			I wasn’t certain who they were talking to, but I made sure I was smiling wide enough to show all my teeth. Mitzy wore her hair in a platinum bob and was in a vintage, bright red skater skirt and a short-sleeved silk blouse in a hounds tooth pattern with shades of red and pink. It would not have worked on everyone, but she looked like she’d just come back from lunch with Jackie O.

			“Oh, hi...” I froze for a little bit because what was I supposed to call them? Miss and Miss Sturm? The Sturms?

			I sure as hell was not going to be all fresh and call them Mitzy and Muffy like we were homies. Thankfully José stepped in before I called them M&M.

			“Miss Mitzy.” Double air kiss, hug. “Miss Muffy.” Rinse and repeat. “Fancy seeing you ladies here. Out today in vintage Dior and Hermes.” He was practically crowing and they were eating it up. “I approve.”

			José turned to me and grabbed my hand. “You know Julia Ortiz, the dynamo taking the foundation to the next level.”

			Wow, I thought I could code-switch, but José had just transformed into a Soul Cycle mom named Barbara before my eyes. I was in awe.

			“Yes, of course. How are you, dear?” It was my turn for air kisses and hugs.

			“We’re so pleased to see the Sturm’s team taking care of our guests. When Rocco told us he was coming to the game with friends, we had to stop by.” They waved Dani over.

			Dani also got some love. It was kind of wild that these ladies were the literal owners of the massive company we worked for and they were this down-to-earth. I mean, down-to-earth if one forgot that they were wearing head-to-toe couture and diamond-encrusted Cartier everything.

			“You remember Tariq. He’s also on the Davidson’s team.” Rocco gestured to the rest of the GEC crew. “And this is Salome. She’s an assistant professor at North Texas University.” He smiled warmly at the group, but when he got to me, it was like ice. He literally looked right through me.

			Oh, this is how it was. We were cool until the bosses showed up. Good to know.

			I felt dumb and little and was working hard at trying to become invisible when José spoke up again. “Julia managed to find all the New Yorkers in the entire company.”

			“She did.” That was Rocco, who was still not looking at me.

			“Muffy, we should’ve come with them instead.” Mitzy kept talking, seemingly unaware of how stiff Rocco was. Nobody seemed to be aware of it except for me. His tell was in those baby blues. When you spoke to him, he made sure to give you his focus, but when he wasn’t comfortable he held back his gaze. His eyes everywhere but where they were supposed to be. Because they’d sell him out. They’d announce to the world exactly how he felt.

			“We’re guests at Mark Cuban’s box today,” Mitzy explained while I kept my eyes on Rocco Quinn. “There’s nothing but old men drinking too much and talking about their money.” She shuddered and we all laughed. “I like it much better here.”

			There was some pleasant banter for a few more minutes, before the twins regretfully said they needed to return to their own party. Before slipping out, Muffy came over to me. She smiled and looked over at Rocco, who was talking to her sister. “I’m so pleased that you’ve gotten some rapport with the consultant. It can’t hurt us.”

			I was startled at her words and wondered if they’d noticed anything going on with me and Rocco. I looked over at where he was, his face devoid of all emotion, shoulders stiff. This was exactly why I needed to leave this alone and keep my distance. I’d almost kissed him. The twins could’ve walked in on us. I could be impulsive. Exhibit A: Moving to Dallas for Matt. But I was not a fool.

			This was foolish. Things were complicated enough without me looking for ways to hurt myself, the programs, and possibly Rocco. I could not, under any circumstances, forget that. I must’ve been looking particularly distressed because Rocco excused himself from chatting with Dani and Tariq to come over to me.

			“Is everything okay?” He looked worried and, even in my panicked state, a warmth spread through me when I saw him looking out for me.

			Me and my fool-ass head.

			“I’m good.”

			“Are you sure?” He seemed like he was one more noncommittal answer on my part from checking my temperature.

			Smile, Julia.

			“So good, thanks!” I ducked out from under him and went to the bar. I needed to dial it back and I needed to keep my game face on. For both our sakes.





Chapter Ten


			Julia

			“That bitch needs to go down.”

			I sighed as I walked around my apartment trying to do some cleaning while I chatted with Alba. My best friend’s approach to most things was “cut-a-bitch,” which despite being appealing in Vicki’s case was not exactly optimal. She’d approached me once again offering to talk to clients if I needed “testimonials” for Davidson’s. I wasn’t going to parade around the people we served like some kind of human show-and-tell. And I certainly wasn’t looking for more opportunities to have one-on-ones with Rocco.

			For once, I’d heeded my own advice and avoided the man at every turn since the game. Three days in and it was still hard to avoid him on the group chat, but I had to keep my shit together, especially when there were plenty of professional crises going on in my life already. I did not need to throw a workplace affair into the mix.

			I slumped on my beautiful blue velvet sectional—the one thing I’d splurged on for the move, since I thought I’d be paying only half of it. I refused to dwell on the monthly payment and enjoyed how amazing my couch was. Because Matt may be an asshole, but I’d always have this velvet dream. Even if Vicki’s trifling ass was harshing my buzz.

			“Did you hear me, Julia del Mar?”

			“Alba, I’m not going to be the one to bring Vicki down. Yes, she’s got incredibly terrible boundary issues.” I held up a finger in the air like she could see me. “But firing her would mean having to do a hell of a lot of work I can’t take on, when I’m trying to A, run this program with minimal drama, and B, not rock the boat or bring attention to issues with staff while this IPO shit is going on.” I sighed again, feeling exhausted.

			“I get it. But, damn, it blows me away the way people act sometimes.”

			We both knew exactly why Vicki did the shit she did, but I was way too tired to get into a conversation about privilege when I didn’t even have a glass of wine in hand. Still I had to laugh because Alba’s saltiness was evergreen. If there was some bullshit happening, my best friend was not one to go down quietly.

			I debated whether to tell her the other thing that had been keeping me up lately.

			“So you know how the consultant invited us to the game.”

			“You mean Rocco Fucking Quinn, who you’ve refused to give me any information on. Yes, I know about him.”

			“There’s not much to say.”

			LIE.

			“He’s nice and all, but I’m determined to keep my focus on my job.”

			MORE LIES.

			“Riiiiight. I’m gonna let you continue to spew lie after lie, because I want to hear the rest of this mess with Vicki, then we’ll get back to Rocco with the good back piece.”

			I snorted at that. “You think you’re hilarious.”

			“You’re laughing.”

			“Anywaaaaay, when we were at the game and the twins, like the two that own all of Sturm’s, showed up and were fawning all over him, he was sort of a jerk to me, like totally iced me out there in the suite.” I was not going to go into details about what we’d been doing right before the chill effect. “Then one of them told me she was glad we were ‘hitting it off’ in a way that made me very jumpy. I don’t know if she said something to him too and that’s why he got all weird.” I let out a long breath, closing my eyes. “Fuck, this is too much drama. If I had two ounces of sense, I’d keep my distance.”

			“Hold up. Did she ask you to get with him?”

			“Girl, I’m not even sure, but after almost getting caught kissing him not ten minutes earlier, the comment hit me mad wrong.”

			Alba’s screech in my ear made me jump up like a foot in the air. “First, I knew you liked him! And getting a little skanky at the baseball game.” This was said accompanied with snapping fingers. “Legend.” I had to smother a cackle. Encouraging Alba was never a good idea. “Second, although it’s always good to keep an eye out for your employer possibly pimping you out, uh, that’s a reach. They may just be happy he’s getting along with the people from the store. And maybe he got nervous. I mean he is the consultant. It makes sense for him to not want to appear like he’s trying to get with you.”

			It was true that they hadn’t said anything nefarious and it wasn’t like they’d talked to me about it before or after.

			“I was such a jerk to him after, I got all paranoid... I wanted to kiss him real bad too, Albita.”

			“Now we’re getting somewhere. I’m switching to Hangouts cuz I want to look you in the eye when you tell me what happened.”

			“No.”

			“Switch to your iPad, Julia del Mar!”

			“Oh, for fuck’s sake, fine!” Even though she was a pain in my ass all the time, seeing my best friend’s face did something to calm all the fretting I’d been doing. This thing with Rocco and the mess at my job were getting to me.

			Her smiling face and those piercing brown eyes stared at me from behind stylish rose-gold glasses. Her eyes were a little smudged with eyeliner and she had her thick long mane in a bun on top of her head.

			“You kissed Rocco Fucking Quinn?”

			I once again thanked the gods for my non-blushing brown skin. “I said ‘almost.’ The word ‘almost’ was used. And that’s it. Nothing else happened.”

			I squirmed on my couch as she gave me the look that said “you can’t fool me” and I really could not.

			“Fine, so he ended up picking me up, since José ‘couldn’t.’” I made air quotes with one hand, I was still salty at José for that. “We were the first ones to get to the suite and things got a little heated. I’d love to say something particularly sexy occurred, but basically I sniffed him, panted some, and then fell off a stool.”

			She laughed, but only a second, before giving me a sympathetic look.

			“He’s so soft, Alba.” I shook my head, feeling stupid. “He’s easygoing, and thinks all the way off-the-wall shit my family does is hilarious.” I smiled, remembering how wistful he was after my parents called me while I was in his car. “You know how Matt always needed to ‘mentally prepare’ for my family.”

			This elicited teeth sucking and a middle finger I assumed was being proffered to Matt, wherever he was.

			“I mean I would never feel embarrassed about my family. You know that. And I didn’t really let him get away with being an asshole to them, but now that I think about it, now that I’m here, I realize that I was a less me version of myself when I was with him. Like Julia but with the DR/PR thing on the lowest setting.”

			Alba’s face was thunderous. “Every time we talk about that fuck face I wish you would’ve let me twist his balls in college that time he got drunk and threw my phone in a pool. Comemierda.”

			“Your hate for him truly knows no bounds.” I blew her a kiss because I knew Alba would hide a body for me and I’d do the same for her. “Honestly though, one of the best things about being here is that I don’t have to be anything other than what comes naturally to me. It’s like now that I’m not around my mom or dad, and Matt’s not being an asshole, I can just be me for the sake of me. And this me wants to do the most when it comes to repping my culture.” I shrugged, not even sure of what I was trying to say. “I don’t know, I feel free and I like it. I like that Rocco really digs this version of me, because I like her a lot too. It took leaving home to find her, but this Julia’s here to stay.”

			“Babe, I’ve always loved all the versions of you, and I am so glad the one you’re becoming in Dallas fits you. As for Rocco, let it take its course and see what happens.”

			“Alba, Rocco doesn’t even live here. He’s going back to New York as soon as the project is done.” I put a hand up, as if to stop myself from even considering Rocco and I could go anywhere. “And please don’t forget that the last time I let my life plans get hijacked by a man, I got dragged out here.” I slumped, looking away from the screen.

			“Don’t do that, Juli.” I smiled at her use of my nickname. “Matt was a fuckboi from day one, yes, but you can’t feel bad about that. You loved him and you tried hard to make that relationship work. You believed in what you had with him. Hon, don’t hate yourself for believing in someone you loved.”

			I closed my eyes and nodded. “I just feel like I’m exactly the same person I was in high school, same hang-ups, same drama. Hell, until a couple of months ago, I even had the same boyfriend.”

			Alba shook her head again. “Yes, you are the same person, and that person’s always been amazing. You and Matt had a lot of ups and downs, time apart, time together, and you fought for that relationship. It didn’t work out, but that doesn’t mean you can’t trust yourself or that you’re stuck.”

			I wanted to believe her, but this whole situation had me wanting to mope and feel sorry for my clueless self. “I guess, but that doesn’t take away from the fact that I should not be trying to date Rocco.”

			Alba didn’t look too happy with my conclusion, but she acquiesced. “No one said ‘date,’ but if being with the guy feels right, get you some.”

			I was about to backpedal and deny some more when my phone buzzed and I saw it was a call from Rocco. Butterflies all over, goose bumps. Shivers. Yeah, I totally had this handled.

			“Albita, uh, looks like Rocco’s calling me.”

			More finger snapping. “Oooh, friend. He wants something with you.”

			“Bye!”

			I picked up the call and my hands were shaking a little. “Hey.”

			“Julia.” Why did he have to say my name like that? I wasn’t the answer to any boy’s prayers. “I know you’ve been busy this week.”

			Not really, just avoiding you, because when I see you I want to jump you.

			“Yeah, it’s been intense. We’ve hired more therapists and ramped up the support groups for parents.”

			“That’s great, Julia.”

			He clearly had called to say something, but was having a hard time getting it out. Sweet Baby Jesus, please let this not be a call to tell me I made him feel weird with the almost kiss and light sniffing.

			“I was thinking of grilling at my place this weekend, and was wondering if you’d like to come.”

			Say no, Julia. Say no, no, no. No.

			“You have a grill?”

			That’s not no!

			He cleared his throat at my comment and my non-decline of his invitation seemed to rally his spirits, because the sex voice came on the phone in full force. “I do. It’s a condo but my place has a little patio with a hot tub and grill. I’ve never had anything nearly as nice. It seems like a shame to waste it.”

			RIP, no.

			“Oh. That sounds great. Thanks for thinking of me.” I needed reinforcements for this. “Did you invite the rest of the GEC?”

			More throat clearing and when he talked, I had to cross and uncross my legs. “I wanted to ask you first. I didn’t want to put you on the spot if I asked in the chat.”

			He didn’t have to say it was because the two of us were on a nonstop flight to fucking.

			“Umm.” I should’ve been really conflicted, really thinking hard on how this shit was bad news. Instead I was running through my bathing suit inventory and wondering if I could still get the black Prada bikini I’d seen on the floor last week.

			“I’m pretty flexible this weekend. José and I had talked about brunch, but if you’re inviting him too I’m sure he’ll want to do that instead.”

			He let out a long exhale and I wondered again how much it meant for Rocco to have people he could make some burgers for on a Saturday afternoon.

			“Okay, I’ll ask them on the chat. I’ll see you soon, Julia. Sleep well.”

			There was no chance of that now, and because I needed a witness for my self-destruction in three acts, I texted Alba.

			Julia: He invited me over to his place Saturday. He’s grilling. We won’t be alone.

			I got four eggplant emojis and a peach.

			Julia: You’re supposed to be my best friend.

			Alba: I am, which is why I added the peach emoji to remind you to wear something that showcases your ass.

			I would’ve told her I was already on the case, but she already knew that when I made a decision to wreck my own life, I didn’t stop until I got that W.





Chapter Eleven


			Rocco

			I had a house full of people.

			I took a moment from getting more chips in the kitchen to slow down and take in the scene. I was actually hosting friends at my place.

			“Hey, Rocco, you want to grab this charcuterie platter and bring it outside?” I turned around and saw Julia standing in my kitchen holding out a wooden board full of sliced meat and pickled things. I smiled at her, and for a second she smiled back, before schooling her face into the pleasant but distant expression she’d been using with me since the baseball game. Disappointment sat like lead in my stomach as I reached for the platter. I was trying to take her distance in stride. I mean it’s not like I didn’t get why she was doing it. I should be thankful she was being more mindful than I was.

			Still I missed her smiles like air. I wanted to get closer. Tell her how every little thing I learned about her made me want her more.

			She was wearing one of those long dresses that were tight at the top and flowy at the bottom. It was bright blue and it made her skin look golden. The neckline plunged just right, her breasts just beckoning for my hands. Her hair was up today, with her curls spilling on top of her head, her trademark hoops dangling from her ears.

			Everything I wanted and absolutely could not have, standing in my apartment.

			She cleared her throat and I realized I’d been standing there with the tray staring at her. “You can take that outside. When Salome is done with the cheese plate and bread, we’ll bring that out too.”

			Salome, who never missed a thing, looked at the both of us with an amused expression. “Rocco took so long admiring the...” She winked at me, and then gave Julia a long look. “...goodies that I’m almost done with this. I’ll bring it out in a minute.”

			I knew I had to be beet red. “You sure? I can wait and take both.” They simultaneously shooed me out, and I walked out to the patio, platter in hand. I found José and Tariq playing with José’s two dogs, a pair of mini-dachshunds named Britney and Whitney, while Dani was keeping an eye on the grill with a cold beer in his hand.

			This was a wild departure from my usual life in New York City, where I worked all the time and never felt like I had time for friends or outings. Between helping my parents with whatever crisis they had going on and my sister needing more and more support once Blue was born, I had no time for fun. I never made it a priority, but here in this little knot of people I’d found a space to do it, even if it was only temporary.

			“Oh good! Food. I’m starving,” José said, as he and Tariq came over with the dogs on their heels.

			“Don’t touch it!” Dani hurried over, phone in his hands, ready to turn the gorgeous plate of food that Julia had prepared into an Insta moment.

			“Dani, you’re so annoying with that phone. You don’t even eat meat,” José protested.

			Dani only raised an eyebrow, not looking up as he tried to find the perfect angle to capture the platter. “You didn’t complain about my Insta game when I showed up with those three bottles of Veuve you’ve been enjoying.”

			At that, José made a show of moving out of the way. “If that is what will get us the free high-end bubbly, let’s give the man some space, people.” After a few seconds, the photo was posted and we all dug in. José moaned, his mouth full of prosciutto. “I’m declaring Rocco’s place the official meeting place of the Gotham Exiles Club.”

			Tariq nodded enthusiastically while Dani took some photos of the dogs, who were circling the food on the table like tiny furry sharks.

			A moment later Julia came out with Salome behind her carrying a huge cheese platter.

			“More food!” Her expression seemed so pleased I felt something in me crack open. I’d been convinced growing up in my parents’ house had ruined me somehow and that this sort of thing was not in the cards. That the best I could hope for was some peace.

			I looked up and noticed Julia looking intensely at me, her face curious. I wondered if, like me, she was feeling tripped up. And it wasn’t just her—although she was a big part of it. With every meetup or dinner, I wanted more of this kind of life. I caught Julia’s eye again and she shook her head and smiled, like she was enjoying herself in spite of knowing she was having foolish thoughts.

			Foolishness had never ended up well for me, but I was tempted to take my chances if it got me in her line of sight.



* * *



			“Are you sure you don’t want me to drive you home? You must be exhausted,” I asked as I watched Julia walk over to the side of the living room she hadn’t hit with the vacuum. “You’ve already helped me vacuum up the dog hair all over my couch.” I shuddered, thinking of the enormous ball of fur she’d extracted. “Who knew those things could leave behind so much hair. They’re barely ten pounds put together!”

			She laughed at my exasperation, and shook her head at me. “I told you I wanted to help, Rocco. If you knew how rare it is for me to offer anyone help cleaning, you’d shut your mouth and give me space. My mom got a little dog a few years ago, but she is not a fan of the hair so she vacuums the house constantly. Just being around it now makes me itchy. I’m not a pet person.”

			I reached for the vacuum in her hand. “Okay, let me do it, then. You do something else. I don’t want to gross you out.”

			She sidestepped me, the vacuum handle still gripped tightly in her hand. “No, I’ll do it. I can’t trust that you will get all the hair out. One thing is clean, a whole other is Caribbean-people clean. So just go back to your Clorox wipes and I’ll deal with this.” She was dead serious too.

			I threw my hands up in defeat and let her go back to it. She’d stayed behind after all the others had left, saying she wanted to help me tidy up and since she lived so close it wouldn’t be a big deal.

			An hour later, she was still here, pleasantly working alongside me after what had been a great day. I was intensely wiping down the dining table and any other surfaces that had had food placed on them when Julia spoke up.

			“The house looks pretty good.” She pointed at the spot I was wiping down for the second time. “And I say this as someone who grew up in a house where all the furniture was covered in industrial-grade plastic and the Fabuloso was purchased by the gallon. This place is pristine.”

			Her comment stopped my hand in mid-motion. I immediately felt like she was judging me, like she could tell my obsession with cleaning my house was part of my baggage. No matter how much I worked on my hang-ups, the most innocuous word or comment could put me on the defensive. Now that I thought about it, this hadn’t happened once since I’d started hanging out with Julia and the rest of the crew. But I felt it now.

			I stood there, watching as she assessed me with her eyes half-closed like she was trying to figure out if she’d hit a nerve or overstepped. I reeled in the impulse to say something sharp or caustic. Instead I said something I hadn’t shared with anyone other than Coach Brito or my therapist.

			“I like to keep my space clean.” I lowered my eyes, feeling exposed just from that. “My parents’ house growing up was always a mess. I don’t like to feel like my place is dirty.”

			She nodded and put the vacuum down. As she came closer, all I could think was she knows about me and she’s coming closer instead of pulling back.

			“Like I said, my mother’s dedication to cleanliness is on the fanatic side, so I’m not judging. You call it your parents’ house.”

			I looked at her, confused for a second, and then realized the point she was trying to make. “I haven’t lived with them for a long time.”

			She dipped her head. “Right, you were with your coach.”

			I swept my hand around the room with generic art on the walls and the nice but pretty plain furniture that had come with the apartment. “It’s not like I’m obsessed with how the place looks or anything, because this IKEA modern isn’t exactly stylish. I just like it neat.”

			She turned her head, her dark brown eyes sweeping the room. As if looking at it with a different lens. “This is a pretty swank place. I always envisioned consultants staying at the Holiday Inn or something, but this is real nice. You have a great job. You’ve done well for yourself.”

			By now she was standing in front of me, so close that if I leaned in just a couple of inches, I could have pressed my lips to her forehead. The sleeve of her dress had slid down some and I could see the black strap of her bathing suit and her deeply tanned shoulder. There was just a tiny bit of peeling happening, and I lifted my hand to run my finger over it. But at the last moment, I caught myself, and let it hang in the air. Not wanting to break any rules, but not ready to give up on the idea of this. Without saying a word or taking her eyes off me, she laid her hands over my fingers, caught.

			My eyes zeroed in at the base of her neck and how it dipped into the valley between her breasts. She smelled like lemon and coconut, but also a little like the chlorine from the hot tub. I wanted to taste every inch, and as if she was reading my thoughts, she leaned in.

			This was not a good idea, but with every no ringing in my head, there was a yes pounding in my chest pulling me closer. Her hand gripped my fingers harder and her breath hitched just as our mouths met.

			This was it. This was the place where I could lose my head, but instead of pulling back, I pressed in. I would quit this. I would, but I had to get a taste.

			Julia in my arms was intoxicating, my head filled to the brim with her. Of the way her warm skin felt under my hands as I ran them down her back.

			“Rocco.” My name slid from her mouth like a command, and who was I to deny this woman what she wanted? I pressed my lips with my heart galloping in my chest. I’d thought about kissing Julia so many times since the moment I’d seen her. I’d thought about those generous lips, pressed to mine. But nothing would’ve prepared me for the real thing.

			I nipped on her bottom lip as her arms came around my neck, bringing us closer. She was soft and warm and I knew even from this small taste that I could lose myself in this woman. I slid my tongue between her lips and she opened up to me with a gasp.

			“Yes.” The noises she made, fuck I was hard as a rock and ready to plunder through every single one of my boundaries to get more of her. I was about to lick into her mouth, when my phone rang, shattering the moment.

			Julia jumped back like my touch had shocked her and I instinctively held up my hands to let her know I was keeping them to myself. I grabbed my phone and looked at the screen before taking the call. It was Sofia. I realized it was seven, the time we usually talked on Sundays, and if I didn’t pick up she’d get worried. I answered, holding my finger up to Julia, who was looking decidedly uncomfortable. I hoped she didn’t just grab her bag and go before I had time to apologize.

			“Hey, sis. How’s you?” A long tired sigh came over the line, and I braced myself for whatever litany of complaints about what my parents had been up to come over the line.

			“Not much. Tired but I had the day off and I took Blue to the park while it’s still nice out.” I smiled, imagining Sofia and Blue having some time outside.

			“That’s good. Did you take any photos?”

			She chuckled and I heard Blue yelling my name. “Yeah, I’ll send them to you. She won’t take off those boots you sent her. Let me put her on, she wants to say hi.”

			I looked up and saw that Julia was leaning against my breakfast counter, watching me as I rambled on the phone. I must’ve blushed because she waved me off and started gathering cleaning products and putting them back in their place.

			My heart lurched when I heard Blue’s excited voice, and I felt proud of my sister and the happy little girl she was raising. Because no matter how fucked things were with my parents, her daughter had constant love and safety.

			“Hey, love bug, how are you? Did you have fun at the park today?”

			A resounding yes was her answer; she chattered for a while and soon my sister was back on the line. “Sorry, her attention span is like a mosquito’s.”

			“Hey, so is mine. That kid is a genius.” I looked up and saw that Julia was already putting on her shoes. “Sis, let me call you back in a few. I have a friend over at the house right now and she looks like she needs to go.”

			I was sure Julia heard my sister’s exaggerated yelp, and my face heated from embarrassment. “A lady friend? I need to know every single detail as soon as possible. Call me later!” She ended the call before I could say anything, and when I glanced over to where Julia was standing with her bag perched on her shoulder, she was grinning. I was so ready to see her shut down or tell me how I’d overstepped that it took me a moment to react.

			“My sister gets a little overexcited at the idea of me having some friends.”

			“It’s cute.” For a second, I was almost glad that my sister’s call interrupted us, because Julia’s smile looked genuine and it was a hell of a lot better than the awkward friendship-ending moment I feared we would have had after that kiss. I couldn’t believe I’d taken things that far, and what was even more mystifying was the knowledge that I would do it again in a heartbeat if I ever got the chance.

			“Extra is what it is. She exaggerates. It’s not like I don’t have friends.”

			She grinned and mouthed “riiight.”

			“Hey, that’s pretty mean. I thought you were all about empathy?”

			This time she did laugh. “Yeah, for my clients!”

			“But my sister was just cruelly mocking me for my lack of friends.” I didn’t even know who I was trying to be right now. Was I flirting? Bantering? Who the fuck knew?

			This was so removed from my playbook, I could barely recognize it was me.

			She put a hand up, that cheesy grin still on her lips, “Hey, I have a younger sister and it’s in their job description to make fun of us. Was that your niece?”

			I nodded, not sure how much of the Sofia-and-Blue story to dump on her.

			“Yeah, that was Blue.” She gave me a look and now I was the one grinning. “Yes, my sister named her child after Beyoncé’s. In her defense, Lemonade had just come out and Sofia was nineteen.” She widened her eyes at that. I felt compelled to defend my sister, but resisted. I had nothing to defend her for. I was proud of her. “Sofia had a rough time in her teens. My mom and dad are a mess. I barely came home while I was in college, and when I did, I rarely stayed more than a day. My way of coping was staying away as much as possible, and that meant that Sofia was on her own with those two for the better part of the last ten years. She was pretty messed up when she got pregnant with Blue, but she’s doing so much better now.” She opened her mouth and then closed it, before nodding.

			“Sounds like she’s doing better and that you’re a big support for her.” The way she said it made me wonder if she was surprised. “Not everyone sticks by their family like that. Especially when you’ve had it rough. It’s pretty great that she can count on you.”

			I looked out the window to the patio, not sure how much to share. This was not something I talked to many (or anyone, really) about. “I want to get us a small house in the suburbs. A place with a good school district, so Blue and Sofia can move in with me. I’ve been saving up, but house prices are ridiculous. I want to be there for her now, since I failed her before.”

			Her expression grew pained, like something I’d said wounded her. “You didn’t fail her, Rocco. You were taking care of yourself. You were a kid too. The only people who failed in this picture are your parents. You’re a good brother. Don’t be so hard on yourself.”

			I couldn’t help the smile that appeared on my lips at how indignant she seemed to be on my behalf. I knew I should be making it clear that I knew I’d crossed a line. That the kiss had been a mistake. That there was too much at stake for her and me to play with both our futures, but when I opened my mouth, once again being with Julia made me forget who I was. “Aw, Julia, are you worried about me?”

			She cut her eyes at me and crossed her arms under her breasts. I didn’t stare because I was really trying not to be a creep, but the woman’s entire body was designed to make my eyes stray.

			“To be fair, I worry about people. It’s my Achilles’ heel.” That deflated the warm feelings a bit, which, of course, she noticed. “But in your case, how could I not feel for you?” She threw her hands up as if everything about me baffled her. “It’s hard to not like you, Rocco Quinn, and believe me, I’ve tried.”

			“So you do have a soft spot for me.”

			“Este pendejo.”

			I locked my knees to keep from walking over to where she was. “You know I grew up in Corona. I do understand some Spanish.”

			Her glare was withering but there was no stopping the grin on my face. “Whatever, I gotta go, it’s late.” I heard her muttering something that sounded a lot like “Lord, save me from blanquitos who think they speak Spanish.” This did not diminish my good mood. I grabbed my keys from the table by the door and stepped out into the hallway with her. This also did not amuse her, and I had to bite the inside of my cheek not to grin again at how cute she looked when she was trying hard to be pissed and failing.

			“Where are you going? You live here. I’m the one that needs to go home.”

			“I realize that. I was going to give you a ride.” She whirled on me so fast, I almost stumbled.

			“Oh no. None of that chivalry shit. I am perfectly capable of walking the five blocks to my place.”

			I was going to argue, but then I stopped. “If you’re sure, but I could use the fresh air.”

			Another eye roll. I decided I would start counting those as a good thing, since they happened so often when we were talking.

			“Fine.” She started walking to the elevator as I locked the door, and I tried not to let her see the goofy smile on my lips.

			When we got into the elevator, she looked serious again. Not unhappy, but definitely thinking hard. I wanted to ask her what was wrong, but I was scared it’d be about me.

			I talked about something else instead. “You said your sister was younger. How old did she turn the other day? I don’t think you told me.”

			She dipped her head and her eyes softened at the mention of her sister. “She’s a senior in high school.” She seemed amused at the surprise on my face. “She was a sorpresita for my parents. She was born when I was fourteen, but yeah, I’m more like a second mom than a sister.”

			“My sister and I have a similar relationship, although I’m sure your parents actually parented her.”

			She furrowed her brows and I could tell she was trying hard not say whatever she was thinking. The first thing that popped into my head was that she was feeling sorry for me, but I pushed it down. I didn’t have to make assumptions. As the elevator hit the first floor, we both cleared our throats, regrouping. We stepped out into the cool evening together in silence. With every step, I worried that the kiss upstairs would really make things weird between us—or worse, interfere with what I was here to do.

			With every quiet step we took to her house, I felt the panic crawling up my throat that I’d fucked up. I went with something I knew usually got her talking. “How is it going with the new therapists?”

			Her eyes narrowed like she was trying to figure out why I was asking. But after a couple more steps, her shoulders slumped and she shook her head as she walked. “It’s going less well than I hoped, to be honest.”

			“Did something happen?” I wouldn’t be surprised if this didn’t have to do with Phil and Duke.

			She sighed, still not looking up. “The clinical director is a lot and I just—”

			She caught herself before she said whatever was on her mind, and she didn’t have to say it for me to know that it wasn’t good. “Never mind. I’m just tired.” Her face changed in an instant, her shoulders tensed.

			I tried to make small talk all the way to her place, about Dallas and how quiet it was at night in our part of town, about the weirdness of being able to wear shorts in November, and how even though we missed New York, the longer fall days in Texas had their charm. From the distracted way she responded to my questions, I knew she was preoccupied too, so before I talked myself out of it, I spoke. “That was a mistake.”

			Her head snapped back at my words and she stopped walking.

			I made myself look at her. I needed to see her face when she told me I was an asshole, and that she never wanted to see me again, but she didn’t. She held up her hand, her eyes closed.

			“I can see myself home from here.” She sounded exhausted as I stood there feeling like I was turning to stone. “No hard feelings.” That last part she barely got out, but soon she was walking up the sidewalk leading to her building block.

			I’d done what I needed to. I should’ve been relieved. But as I made my way back to my place, all I felt was regret.





Chapter Twelve


			Rocco

			I felt a finger snap by my ear and I turned my head to see Tariq and Dani looking at me weird. “What?”

			They both laughed, shaking their heads. Dani spoke up after taking a sip of his beer. “Dude, it’s like the third time you’ve checked out in the last half hour. What’s with you?”

			I was not really in the mood for true confessions, but I had to talk about it with someone. “I kissed Julia, then told her it was a mistake. And I’ve been all emo about it since. I think I have feelings for her.”

			They both laughed hysterically for a full minute before either one could get a word out. Tariq recovered first. “My guy, that is not news. You’re a grumpy bastard with everyone else, but with her, you’re like some kind of love-starved kitten. I mean, it’s not like she isn’t giving you the eye too.”

			My heart started racing then, because in the last few days I’d convinced myself I was the only one. That she had been relieved when I’d called that kiss a mistake. “I don’t think so.”

			Tariq and Dani pursed their lips in almost identical expressions. Then Tariq perked up and pulled his phone out of his shirt pocket. “Let’s ask the hive.”

			He started tapping his phone and looked up with a grin. “According to my sources, she may have noticed your hot muscles and ocean-blue eyes...”

			Dani piped up, “Ask them if they want to meet up after study hall.”

			Clown.

			“Are you texting José?”

			Tariq answered without taking his eyes off the screen, “And Salome. They’re with Julia right now.”

			Oh, God. “Please tell me they’re not going to say anything to her.”

			Tariq shrugged and look at me like I was idiot. “Dude, are you brand-new? Of course they’re going to tell her...” He pointed at himself, then at Dani and me. “This is how friend groups work, my dude.” He put down his phone and hooked his index fingers together, apparently ready to list the annals of friendship to me. “We ask you about your business, we process it together, and when you’re not rising to the occasion, we take over.”

			I just stared at him, unsure what was happening to my life. Tariq angled his head toward Dani. “Back me up, bruh.”

			My other supposed friend only nodded as he gulped his beer, giving Tariq and me a thumbs-up.

			“I don’t know if this is a good idea. It’s all too complicated.” I ran my hands over my face, all the reasons why pursuing anything with Julia was a horrible idea swirling around in my head. When I lifted my eyes to Tariq, this time I was the one who was ready to start listing things.

			“One. I’m going back to New York in a matter of weeks.” Tariq looked ready to protest but I held my intertwined fingers up to him. “Two. She’s on the rebound, and not interested in a relationship.” This time Dani looked like he was going to interject, but I kept my hands up. “And three.”

			I stopped for a second to drink some more of my beer because I knew this new development was not going to be as easy to dismiss as the others. “You know we’re here to make recommendations that will most likely end up cutting the funds for her programs in the foundation. Me doing my job is most likely going to do away with hers. You know I’ll do it too.”

			Dani’s eyebrows were so close together by the time I was done, he looked like he had a unibrow.

			“I can’t fuck with this project, you know that.” What was there left to say? “This whole crush is ill-advised and will totally blow up in my face. I need to just keep things friendly—”

			Dani spoke while Tariq drained his beer. “Rocco man, it is not as dire as you think it is. I mean Julia loves that program, but it is what it is. She knows it’s not all on you.” Except Phil and Duke were getting less and less subtle about how they were hoping something blew up with the foundation so they could pull the plug on it. I also could not deny that the costs of running the foundation would have an impact on investor buy-in once they went public.

			But I didn’t say any of that and let Dani keep talking. In a weird way—even though I knew things with Julia couldn’t end well—it was nice to hear people this invested in my happiness. And Dani had more to say on that. “Also, and I say this without trying to sound glib, you don’t know what’s going to happen. Who knows what will go down with this IPO. Also it’s not like you can’t get work here. There are consulting firms in Dallas. Big ones.”

			“That man is making good points,” Tariq added, even as his face went very serious. “Not that I wouldn’t miss you, but dude, we’ve been working together for a couple of years and you’ve been different here. In a good way.”

			The urge to shut down this conversation rocked me. This was a line of thinking that led to disappointment, complications, and heartbreak, serious fucking heartache. I shifted in my seat and exhaled, feeling desperate.

			I couldn’t go there. “Julia Ortiz could break me.”

			“Damn, bruh, you need to relax. It’s not that deep.”

			Okay, so I’d said that out loud.

			“Thanks for the pep talk, guys, but for now I think I’ll keep my crush to myself.” I slumped on the chair, worn out by the conversation. “My main focus is my sister and Blue.”

			Dani put his hand up then, conceding my point. “Okay, I’ll chill.”

			Tariq agreed too. He knew how much I had riding on this. “All right, my man, that bag needs to be secured before you think about your love life. I gotchu. But women like Julia are the type that come along to alter a life plan.”

			Dani grunted in agreement as I sat there fighting for breath after Tariq’s verbal gut punch.

			I lifted my glass then anyway, because even though my love life continued to be a study in “failure to thrive,” I finally had friends.

			“Thanks for the advice. I can’t take it at the moment, but I still appreciate it.”

			Just as I was ready to shut the conversation down, I saw a text pop up from Julia just to me.

			Julia: Are you getting harassed too?

			I felt an electric shock ripple through my body as I read the message. Like a door I’d thought was closed forever had just been pried open.

			Rocco: Yes.

			My heart pounded, wondering if Julia would give me a reason to believe all the things that Dani just tried to tell me. If like me, she was struggling with ignoring what was happening between us.

			Julia: Ignore them. That’s what I’m doing.

			What I’d felt after Tariq said Julia was worth altering my life plan for had been a love tap. This was a gut punch. Eye-watering, debilitating, gasp-for-air punch. So hard and so strong that I almost hunched over. But it was the wake-up call I needed.

			I texted a thumbs-up emoji and shut down my phone. I looked up at Dani and Tariq who were giving me curious, semi-worried looks.

			“It’s nothing.” I schooled my face like it was no big deal and grabbed a menu. “What incredibly unhealthy food are we going to enjoy during this game none of us really care about?”

			Julia

			“Wow, you’re grumpy.”

			José was not one to soften the blow and I was probably looking particularly pissed. I stood from the table I’d snagged at our favorite taco place.

			I sat down, gratefully taking the margarita José had ordered for me. “What’s with the face? Did something happen with the funding?” I shook my head, since thankfully things seemed quiet in that department.

			“Bless you.” I took a sip of the delicious drink and then closed my eyes, sighing. “I ran into one of the students from the program and his mom as I was leaving for the day. Seems like they were waiting for Vicki.” I cracked up at the stank face José made at the mention of my workplace nemesis. “Who was apparently giving them a ride home.” I had to really level up my outrage when José didn’t seem scandalized enough by Vicki’s bullshit. “It’s against agency policy to do stuff like that. The rules are very clear. If a client needs help getting home we have funds to get them an Uber or taxi, not drive them. She’s supposed to be modeling behavior since she’s the clinical director, for fuck’s sake.”

			I took another sip of my margarita and sulked, as José asked me about the exact thing I was fretting about. “Are you going to tell your boss?”

			I threw my hands up in frustration, hating that Vicki’s lack of professional boundaries was putting me in this position. “I don’t really have a choice. This is the exact type of shit that could sink us with the board and the higher-ups who would love nothing more than having an excuse to shut us down. Not to mention it’s just not good for our clients. This sets up expectations and then we can’t do our jobs for them. It’s just all bad.”

			José shook his head in sympathy as I sulked some more, but he perked up as we saw Salome walking up to us. She was sporting her usual jeans, designer sweatshirt, and matching Jordans. She looked like a shorter, slimmer version of Lena Waithe, and she could turn some heads.

			She smiled as she approached us and sat down next to José on the bench. “What up, peoples? Tell me something good and normal, so I can remember that academia dysfunction is not real life.”

			I snorted and José smiled as he slid her the margarita he’d gotten her. “Julia was telling me about Vicki doing sneaky shit with clients.”

			Salome did not like the sound of that. “What’s wrong with her?”

			I pursed my lips and blew out a breath, feeling fed up. Then I remembered how much I loved my team and the families we got to work with. “I don’t know, but Imma tell on her ass first thing tomorrow.”

			Salome nodded in approval as she signaled the waitress for a menu.

			“Did you see Tariq’s text, José? He thinks he’s slick.”

			José jumped in his seat like his ass was on fire and pulled his phone out of his pocket. He tapped on it a few minutes, as Salome and I looked on. The smirk and sly look she gave me made me a little uneasy.

			“What’d he do now?”

			“They. What’d they do?” At that same moment, José burst out laughing and showed me the phone.

			“What the fuck?” I almost dropped the damn thing in the cocktail glass. My face flaming hot when I saw the message.

			Tariq: Rocco’s out here asking if anyone’s noticed his thirsting after Julia... LMAO. SMH.

			Oh, God.

			“What thirst? I didn’t notice any thirsting...” My eyes were shifting between, Salome, José, and José’s phone screen as if I was expecting one of them to lunge at me and take a bite out of my face.

			José just rolled his eyes and tapped on his phone.

			“Oh my God, José, why are you smirking?” I looked at Salome, the traitor, who was reading her own phone and cackling. I grabbed José’s phone as he tried to put it back in his pocket.

			“Stop, you got your own damn phone.”

			Right. I quickly fished it out of my pocket and opened the group chat.

			“Et tu, José?” I pointed at José with my marg as I scrolled. He, of course, just laughed in my face.

			José: Uh... I don’t know what you’re talking about. Julia is not remotely interested in Rocco’s sculpted torso, perfect red lips, or his dusty blue eyes. She is immune and unaffected by that dick print. Go away, Tariq. We’re busy.

			“I hate you.” Just when I thought we could move on from that ill-advised almost kiss. But I should’ve known my nosy-ass friends would not let this go.

			That little fucker cackled. “Whaaaaaat? I told him you were immune and unaffected by Rocco.”

			“Great, he’s going to know now.” José really was going to lose an eyeball one of these days, with all the eye rolling.

			“Like he didn’t already. Girl, please. Also, you have to know those three are gabbing too.”

			I gulped my drink and put away my phone. I did not want to know.





Chapter Thirteen


			Julia

			I walked into my boss’s office with my stomach full of knots. Between the stress of seeing Rocco around the office after that stupid, perfect, delicious kiss, all the extra work involved with preparing the reports his firm had asked for and trying to run interference with Vicki’s fuckery, I was very close to snapping.

			As soon as Gail saw me, she waved me in and I sat down while she finished a call. “Yes, absolutely. We would be delighted to have you over for a visit.” The cheeriness in her voice did not match the panic in her eyes. Clearly whatever it was, it would not be a delight. “This Wednesday works. We actually have our monthly Leadership Academy from three to six in the afternoon, so you can see the kids in action. It’ll be a special one since it’s just before the Thanksgiving break.”

			My chest tightened after that last nugget of information. They couldn’t let us off the hook even right before a holiday, for fuck’s sake.

			Gail ended the call after a couple of more fake-excited answers to the person on the phone. Once she hung up, she quickly got up and closed the door to her office. The look on her face as she hustled back to her desk made me certain she was about to blow up my day.

			“Hey, Julia. Did you get the supplies you needed? What’s up?”

			She clearly wanted me to get whatever I’d come to talk to her about out before she dropped the news she’d just gotten right on my lap. I tried to get my thoughts together. I hated telling on people, but Vicki’s mess was going to get us in deep shit someday. It had to be done.

			“I did get the supplies, thanks.” I pulled on the hem of my skirt a little and I could tell Gail was about to ask me to just get on with it. “I wanted to let you know that yesterday when I was leaving the office, I ran into a client and his mother. When I asked him what he was doing here so late, he said they were waiting for Vicki.” I lowered my voice, a bit paranoid that she would somehow hear me even though she was supposed to be off-site at the center right now.

			Gail’s stank face was pretty epic, as if she knew when it came to Vicki, this level of mess was very likely. “Waiting for Vicki for what?”

			I did not stretch it out. “She was going to drive them home.”

			Oh damn. White ladies can get really red in the face when they’re pissed, and from the looks of it, Gail was furious. “No she didn’t. Please tell me she did not blatantly ignore the policies like that.”

			I lifted a shoulder and tried not to look as freaked out as I felt about it, but was also relieved to see Gail seemed pissed. “Looks like she did. I am going to talk to her, but I wanted to check in with you first. I know technically I’m her boss, but she’s a challenging person to deal with.” I didn’t need to add that she also acted like she thought she couldn’t get fired and she’d probably try to come for me after I told her she’d fucked up.

			“Thanks for letting me know about this, Julia. And don’t worry. I’ll deal with Vicki.” Her voice was thin with barely contained frustration. “I know I’m putting you in a terrible situation here, and I appreciate it more than you know.”

			This was something I never got about Gail: she was usually someone who addressed bullshit immediately. But if she kept tiptoeing on this situation with Vicki, it was going to really bite us in the ass.

			“That was Muffy Sturm.” Gail’s voice ripped me out of my stewing and for a very unwelcome reason. She sighed heavily and looked at the phone on her desk. “Apparently her brother is on a warpath about the programs. They want to come and visit on Wednesday.”

			They? Who was they? Rocco had already come to see the programs on behalf of Davidson’s and the twins had visited too. “So who will be at the visit?” I mentally patted myself on the back for keeping my eye from twitching and not yelling out the question.

			“It seems Duke Sturm and the CFO of the company want to also observe the work of the programs.” My heart sped up wondering if Rocco had slipped somehow. Did they suspect he was biased? Was he biased? Shit. I’d tried to keep my distance, but who the fuck knew what anyone was thinking at this point.

			“We need to be beyond reproach and this situation with Vicki cannot come at a worse moment. I will do something about her, but right now we can’t really make waves.”



* * *



			This was much more than just making waves—we were letting someone get away with doing something that could potentially hurt clients. And I wanted my job, but not by keeping quiet on things I knew weren’t right. “Gail.” The muscles in my neck felt like they would snap as I tried to keep my voice from shaking. “This isn’t just about rocking the boat.”

			She deflated at my words, and at least I was glad to see she wasn’t taking this lightly. “I know, believe me I do. And it’s complicated with Vicki. You know how well connected she is with some of the districts.”

			It was true, she was helpful when we were first developing those relationships. I just nodded, not sure how I felt about that keeping us from calling her on the carpet for her bullshit. “You know those connections are vital to us, and she would not hesitate to do something out of spite.”

			She was right—Vicki was petty enough to try and get us kicked out if she got fired.

			“We do need the relationships with the schools.”

			“Exactly.” Her voice was tired and I could not blame her. “I’ll keep a closer eye on Vicki for the next few weeks, and once the consultants are gone, I’ll deal with her. I promise. What I do want you to prioritize is this visit. I know you plan your academies way in advance, so I’m sure everything will be great. Duke Sturm, Phil, and the consultant Rocco.” She smiled at the mention of his name and I wondered if she could tell my pulse had just increased exponentially. “He was impressed with what he saw on his visit. And we need all the help we can get.”

			She kept talking, but my head was filled with Rocco. Just the thought of him all businesslike in his suit—those blue eyes raking over me—made my blood boil. I never fucking learned.

			I cringed thinking of that text I’d sent him the other night. I’d been freaking out and instead of leaving shit alone I’d sent the mother of mixed signals. I was beginning to think that dating a man-child on and off for so many long years had left me emotionally stunted, and Rocco was taking the brunt of it.

			“Julia.” I jumped, which I’m sure looked totally normal to Gail. “Are we good, then?”

			I nodded and stood up, trying hard to present her with my most reassuring face possible. “Yes, of course. I’ll make sure they have a good visit.”

			Like I had a choice. I stood up and walked my ass back to my cube with my phone already out, calling all the program staff who were involved in the academy. I’m sure they’d be less than thrilled to hear that we’d have to set up yet another dog and pony show for this IPO debacle. My Thanksgiving weekend of solitude could not come soon enough.





Chapter Fourteen


			Rocco

			Who else is up for the wine and beer Thanksgiving event at the arboretum? I think it’s like a pumpkin patch but with booze.

			I had to reread that statement before I sent it to the group, just to give myself a moment to digest I’d actually typed that for other people to see.

			I, Rocco Quinn, hailing from Queens, New York, was actively trying to get people into the idea of going to a pumpkin patch. I’d seen a tweet from the Dallas Arboretum advertising some kind of wine and beer event that involved hanging out in a field of squash and had retweeted it tagging the exiles. Did I give a single fuck about pumpkins or even had a clue what people got up to in a patch full of them?

			Short answer: NO.

			But I was desperate to hear from Julia, since she’d pretty much iced me out after that group-text fiasco. And that should’ve been the end of it. But fuck, I liked this woman. Seeing her all week and having to keep it all casual after I knew what she tasted like had been torture. And even though everything about this plan was stupid, I kept staring at my screen waiting for notifications.

			“We should be there in twenty minutes.” I looked over at the driver who had just spoken to me, and my nervousness went on overdrive.

			My other reason for cooking up this pumpkin patch façade was my way of trying to feel out Julia’s mood. I was en route to her program for the visit with the Twins and feeling like I should’ve given her a heads-up. Not that I even knew what to give her a heads-up about.

			I looked at my vibrating phone and saw that everyone, except Julia, had responded to my text.

			José: Look at you planning and organizing fall-themed outings! I’m down, I have a new burnt-orange sweater I’ve been wanting to feature.

			Tariq’s message came like three seconds after José’s (not surprising).

			Tariq: Do we have to eat the pumpkins? Why are people getting their drink on around a bunch of them tho? Texans are wild.

			I had to bite my lip to keep from laughing.

			Salome: I have all the same questions Tariq has, but you people are my only friends and I have nothing going on. At least I will have an excuse to wear my orange Gatorade Js.

			Dani just sent a thumbs-up emoji. Still nothing from Julia.

			I should’ve given her another minute, but since my desperation was in overdrive these days I broke down after thirty seconds, and asked her directly. Even though I knew this was a sure way to earn some serious ridicule from Tariq and Dani.

			Rocco: No love for the pumpkin patch from you, Julia?

			After a few seconds the circle with her face on it started bobbing as she wrote a response, while my heart pounded like I was waiting for a life-or-death answer.

			Julia: @ Rocco... A. If I see you and I don’t tweet, that means I don’t fux with you. B. I’m working, people. Rocco, you know I’m pressed today. Don’t you motherfuckers have jobs?!

			I felt a little guilty that I was bothering her when I knew she had to be running around, but I couldn’t keep in the laugh that burst out of me. Before I even had a chance to respond, a barrage of GIFs featuring people doing a range of things from laughing hysterically to passing out appeared on the conversation thread.

			Finally Salome interjected.

			Salome: Damn Julia, you savage. Can you pick me up tho?

			Julia responded with an angry-faced emoji and a thumbs-up, which had me grinning to myself like a total fool. Before I could think about it too much, I texted her again.

			Rocco: I’ll buy you a glass of rosé, Julia.

			Julia: That’s the least you could do. Now leave me alone. I’m stressed out!

			I closed the chat and looked up to see that we were getting close to our destination, and the urge to see Julia got more intense every few yards.

			“Here we are.” The driver of the car service Sturm’s ordered for me gestured at the main entrance of the center.

			“Thanks, man.” I hustled out of the car and took a moment to look at the sign. It was done in the same cursive font that Sturm’s used in their logo, but this one read Sturm Youth Center. The front of the building was landscaped with stones and grass. The first time I’d been here, I was so nervous about meeting Julia I hadn’t taken the time to absorb the little details. It looked like a place where they cared about the people who went into it.

			As I walked through the brick hallway, I noticed it was lined with posters and what looked like art created by students. I wondered if the collages were the ones the students had been making on my last visit. They all had facts about historical figures from all ethnicities, and I’d stopped to read one about Maria Tallchief when I heard someone calling my name.

			I turned around to see Mitzy, Muffy, and Phil standing by the door to one of the classrooms. They had another two women with them. Once was Gail, as always in one of her bespoke suits, and she was smiling at something that Muffy was telling her as Mitzy waved me over. The other woman had salt-and-pepper hair and was dressed in some kind of tunic that looked Central American. She didn’t look very happy as she said something to Phil, who seemed to be doing his best to ignore her. As I got closer, I could hear voices of young people talking excitedly.

			“Hey, I thought Mr. Sturm would be here too.”

			The twins just made a face, and when Muffy spoke, she sounded pissed. “He isn’t. After making us all rearrange our week and having the program get all kinds of consent forms from parents, and a bunch of other bullshit, he decided he didn’t want to come.”

			Gail coughed like she was going to choke on something, while Phil shot a very disapproving look in the twins’ direction. I just smiled and nodded because I wasn’t even sure why I was here.

			Gail extended her hand to me and smiled wide. “Thanks for visiting us again, Mr. Quinn.” She signaled to the other lady. “This is Vicki Morris the clinical director. She oversees the therapists that provide mental health counseling services for the students.” Vicki barely acknowledged me and kept looking inside the room with her lips drawn in a thin line. Whatever was going on in there, Vicki was not a fan. This had to be the shitty coworker Julia had been venting about the other day.

			I smiled at both of them. “It’s nice to be back. I had a nice time when I was here.”

			“Today we have our Leadership Academy, being led by Julia Ortiz, who oversees our after-school program among other things.” Gail said that for the others’ benefit as my heart raced. I stopped to look at her as the others walked through the door. I took a moment to take stock of what I was feeling, a trick my therapist had shown me when I first started working with her. She’d said when I was feeling something intense, to think about what caused it and what happened to my body. Usually the feelings she was referring to were anxiety, or stress, sometimes even anger—but this was different.

			My body was taut with awareness. My eyes tracked her movements as she glided across the room smiling at the teens and their parents. I knew the Leadership Academy was one of the programs they offered for the kids. They worked with the students and their families to promote civic engagement, develop leadership skills, and help them get college ready. But I couldn’t really envision what that meant when she told me about it. I didn’t know how she managed it, but she looked in charge and approachable at the same time. She seemed to be one hundred percent focused on each family that she stopped to talk to, and they soaked up her attention like plants in the sun.

			Gail gestured to where she was standing with a teenage boy with purple-tipped hair and a short woman who was beaming as Julia talked to her son. “Let’s go say hi.”

			Gail’s voice must’ve caught Julia’s attention, because she looked up and we locked eyes for a second. I saw a little bit of reluctance there, but there was warmth too, and her lips—which were a deep cherry red today—tipped up when I lifted my hand to her.

			She was dressed in a knee-length gray skirt that hugged all her curves and a white button-down shirt that was also tailored exactly right. Her hair was up, and she’d done it so that her curls were spilling on top of her head. It seemed a little more formal than you’d necessarily need to be for a day of working with students and their families, but she’d dressed to impress. Mission accomplished.

			She came to a stop a few feet from Gail, me, and the rest of the group. She greeted the twins and Phil with a shake, then extended her hand to me. “Mr. Quinn.”

			I dipped my head as I held her palm in mine, my head full with memories of kissing her.

			“Fancy seeing you here.” Her voice was light, but there was just a tiny bit of tension there. I wanted to tell her not to worry, that everything would be fine. But I couldn’t say that. Not with Phil looking like he was chomping at the bit to say something shitty.

			“I’m looking forward to seeing you do your thing.” She smiled at me, but it was not the smile I got to see when the Exiles were around. She was nervous.

			“How much personnel do you have in this place? How many people do you need to run a program for teens?”

			Phil’s booming voice made Julia jump. And if I didn’t already know I was in over my head with this woman, the almost overwhelming urge to pop Phil on the mouth would’ve been evidence enough.

			Julia recovered quickly though. She whispered something to the mom and kid, who looked spooked, and smiled at Phil like he hadn’t just been rude as hell. “We serve around two hundred kids a day with a staff of about twelve, so we’re pretty lean. We try to strike a balance in providing excellent care for our families and using most of our resources toward programming itself. We do a cost-benefit analysis for all our operations. I’d be happy to go over those with you, sir.”

			Phil grunted like a jerk, his face red, probably from having a woman look him in the eye while she reamed him out. Then he walked away without even responding. Julia kept the polite smile fixed on her face, but her eyes told me the exchange had thrown her off.

			Once again, the urge to do something about it, to fix things for her, was almost overwhelming. But me interceding or making too much of a thing about the program would only make Phil suspicious or angry. Neither Julia nor I could afford to have the man set his sights on us more than necessary. I was not the hero in Julia’s story. The sooner I let that sink in the better it would be for both of us.

			I thanked Gail again and went to sit with the twins, as Julia made her way to the front. She quickly got the room to quiet down and got started.

			“Buenos dias, familias.” The entire room answered in an enthusiastic “Bueno dias, Señorita Julia.”

			“Today we have some visitors who are here to see you guys do your thing. Are we going to show them how amazing our families are?”

			There was a resounding yes, and then some laughter. Soon after that she launched into a presentation that was interactive and fun. The parents and the kids participated, coming up to help her and demonstrate the skills they’d been learning from the program on how to manage stress and communicate better.

			Julia had complete control of the room the entire time and seemed to be aware of each and every one of the strengths and challenges of each family. They asked questions openly and seemed completely focused on their tasks. The hour flew and by the end even Phil looked invested in all the work the families and the kids were getting done.

			As things were slowing down, Julia thanked the parents for taking time off their jobs to come and work with their kids and encouraged them to keep it going at home. The families walked out together looking happy and relaxed. I noticed almost everyone came up to Julia to thank her as they walked out.

			We made our way out without stopping to talk to her again. It was Thanksgiving the next day and I almost stopped to ask her if the offer to hang out from the day at the game was still standing. But just as I was considering it, Phil bumped my shoulder with a pointed look and I remembered where I needed to keep my focus on.





Chapter Fifteen


			Julia

			I was getting the stuff from the academy packed away in record time. If I could get out of the building within the next five minutes I might be able to avoid running into Vicki, who was probably still trying to figure out how to convince Gail she did her job. She’d shown up only five minutes before our guests did and had no clue how to answer any of the questions Phil or the Twins had asked.

			I heard Gail before I saw her. “Thank you for today, Julia.”

			I turned around with the plastic bin full of the materials we used and smiled at her. “You don’t have to thank me. It’s my job.”

			Gail shook her head and came closer. “You did a lot more than your job description calls for today. It was very clear to me and to our visitors.” No, that was not electricity going up and down my spine at the thought of one visitor in particular, aka Rocco Fucking Quinn. I tried to figure out how to respond to Gail’s comment without throwing Vicki under the bus. I settled on redirecting the conversation.

			“I hope they were happy and feel motivated to continue funding us.”

			“They were very impressed by you and the work you’re doing with the families.” She pointed at the vision boards that the families had done together. We’d had them put together images of the futures they saw for themselves, and they were hopeful and bright, even under the seemingly never-ending challenges immigrant families endured these days.

			“The Sturms took photos of them to show the board. The consultant also shared how impressed he was by what he’s seen so far.” She shrugged and looked around as if to make sure we were alone. “Let’s hope their enthusiasm is enough, because Phil seems set on having an issue with this program.”

			“I hope so too. But if they need more convincing, we’ll just have to get creative.” I was not into doing show-and-tell with our families, but also wasn’t going to let that asshole Phil take us down without fighting for my program.

			That brought out the first real smile from Gail I’d seen in days. “You’re right. This matters too much to let us get bowled over by a dude named Phil.” With that, Gail, in her three-inch heels and perfect makeup, grabbed the remaining container and turned her head toward the door. “Here, let’s get this stuff packed away so that you can go home.”

			I laughed trailing after her. “That’s it, boss. We got this.” I sounded a lot more confident than I felt, but if there was a time to fake it ’til you made it, it was now. And giving Gail an extra pep in her step couldn’t hurt.

			“It’s Thanksgiving tomorrow!” she exclaimed as if only now realizing it. “Are you doing anything fun?”

			We were walking down the hallway to my office as we talked. “I’m taking it easy this weekend. Since I’m going home next month for Christmas. I decided to stay here and just take it easy.” My traitorous brain immediately brought up the image of Rocco sitting at home by himself too.

			Nope. Not allowed. No fucking way.

			“Take your ‘me’ time when you can get it,” Gail said as she set the container she’d carried back on the floor of my office and waved a quick goodbye. I rushed to get everything in order before I got stopped by someone else.

			On my way out to the parking lot, I saw a text from Rocco congratulating me on a great presentation and wishing me a relaxing weekend. He didn’t mention hanging out over the weekend and I wondered if that was part of the reason why he ran out of the visit without even saying goodbye.

			I got in the car and instead of answering his text, I called my mom. I was hard up enough for a distraction that I was volunteering to be guilted by my entire family for not flying home for Thanksgiving. But if it would get my mind off Rocco, I was doing it. I started pulling out of the parking lot and used the Bluetooth to call, and my mom picked up after the second ring.

			“Y que, Mami? En que estas?” Asking my mother what she was up to the day before a major holiday would probably involve a long string of outrageous stories of clients at her hair salon. Exactly the kind of deterrent I needed in order to keep from opening that text app and asking Rocco to come to my house.

			“Alo! Oh dime, mija?” She sounded distracted, which was not exactly unusual.

			“Mami, que haces?”

			“Nada.” She clearly was not doing nothing, since there was noise like she was on a busy street and I could hear voices. But I wasn’t going to get testy and take a chance on her telling me to call her when I got my attitude adjusted. Talking to someone who was not Rocco Fucking Quinn, or about him, was my number one priority at the moment.

			“Julita, te llamo después. I have to go, mija.”

			“Pero, Mami!” I protested as my mom ended the call after only a few seconds. I guess my family were doing their thing without me. It shouldn’t have hurt, but it did.

			I parked my car in my building’s lot trying not to feel too sorry for myself. Moping around was not going to help me any. I felt lonely and needy, and I couldn’t tell if it was because I missed my family, or because I wanted Rocco. No, that was a lie. I knew the answer to that, it was both. I wanted my family and I wanted him. Almost as badly, which was so fucking foolish I wondered if getting dumped by Matt had taught me anything at all. I got out of my car lost in my thoughts, and was so in my feelings they caught me completely by surprise.

			Just as I was about to walk up to the little porch by my door, my father and sister jumped out of the bushes behind me and almost gave me a freaking cardiac episode.

			“Surprise!”

			I let out a shriek so loud, I knew the neighbors were going to come to see what was happening.

			My grandma and my mother walked out from behind the stairs leading to the upper-level apartments, with enormous grins on their faces.

			“What are you guys doing here?” I asked, not sure how to react. They were all here. My entire family.

			My dad was the first to grab me into a tight hug, and it felt so good. I hadn’t seen them since my visit on Fourth of July weekend. I’d still been mopey and out of sorts after the breakup with Matt. But now, even with all this shit with Rocco and the IPO going on, I was kind of excited for them to get to see my place.

			“Papi, pero y como llegaron?” I asked my dad as he went in for a second hug. His bald head was covered in his always present Yankees fitted. “I just talked to Mami.” I turned to her as she and Abuela grabbed me for hugs next.

			“Ay, mija, we were already here!” she said, chuckling as Abuela pulled me toward the door. They had all their bags sitting on the little bistro set I had in front of the apartment.

			Abuela started looking at the plants I had set on the corner. “Julita, these look beautiful, mama. I didn’t know you liked to garden.” She was wearing a thick parka even though it was in the sixties, her dark brown face only now at seventy-five lined with a few wrinkles. I knew under the parka she was probably wearing a jacket to match her gray trousers and under that a colorful top that most likely was the same color as her bright orange flats and dangly earrings. My grandmother planned her travelling outfits like she was getting on a plane to go to a meeting at the UN. She was constantly horrified when she saw people in airports walking around in their pajamas.

			“Abuelita, you look amazing. You cut your hair!” She’d let her hair go gray in the last few years, and she was sporting a pixie cut now. Most likely my mom’s idea. My gorgeous grandmother was my mom’s living model and very willing guinea pig for any new styles she wanted to try.

			She carefully patted the top of her hair. “You like it?”

			“I love it.” I slid an arm over her shoulder, feeling needy for more hugs from my family.

			“Mi muchachita,” my grandma gasped, calling me her little girl even though I was on the other side of thirty. “You look so pretty. This dry air suits you, mi amor.”

			I shook my head at my sister, who was letting the old people get a piece of me first. “Y tu? Traidora? You couldn’t give me a hint that this invasion was going down, huh?”

			Paula gave me a tiny smile and one of the awkward one-armed hugs she’d been giving us since puberty hit. She was dressed in her hipster/goth attire, black boots, jeans, and top. She had new fashionable purple-framed glasses and a cute bright yellow cardigan, and suspenders the same color as her frames.

			“You look good, baby sis. I like this bold use of color. How was travelling with the old people?”

			Her eye roll was a full-body thing. “Dad made me listen to a book about the border the entire flight up. It was good, but I had my own stuff to read.”

			“Don’t even front like whatever he made you read wasn’t already on your list,” I told her as we walked into my apartment.

			Paula dramatically threw her hands up and gestured toward the Herschel backpack my dad had put in the corner. “Yes! But I had a ton of shows I wanted to catch up on too.”

			Dad winked at me as he inquired about what to do with his bags. “Papi, the rooms are down the hall.” I’d been telling my family about how much room I had for months, but now that there were five of us in here instead of just me, the place was starting to feel cramped.

			The living room was spacious for two or three people, but not so much for five. And the dining room was just a small round table with four chairs next to the kitchen. I had a double bed in the extra bedroom, because I was Dominican and Puerto Rican and knew it was only a matter of time before my entire family showed up to visit. Our people do not do hotels.

			“Papi, put your stuff in the bigger room and Paula and Buela can sleep in the other one.” I pointed toward my gorgeous blue velvet couch. “I can sleep on this.” The outcry, as expected, was immediate.

			“No, mija, we can’t kick you out of your bedroom. I’ll take the couch.” That was my grandmother.

			Paula waved me off and took her backpack from where it was sitting on the floor and launched onto the couch. “I’ll sleep here, Buela.”

			My dad, who was the only reasonable person in the family, just shrugged and started moving toward the room. “It’s Julia’s house, Mama.” This was my mother’s mom. My dad’s mom had died when he was a young boy, but he loved his mother-in-law and had always called her Mom. “We sleep where it suits her.”

			Instantly my grandmother, who basically worshipped the ground my father walked on and never disagreed with him on anything, nodded and came to give me a peck on the cheek. “Esta bien, mami. We can let Paulita have the couch and you and me can take the guest bedroom.”

			“Julita.” That was my mother yelling from the kitchen, where she already had half her body inside the fridge.

			“Si, Mami.”

			“Mija, we need to go to the store.” The tinge of horror in her voice indicated that my pantry and fridge were just not cutting it for whatever Thanksgiving meal plan she and my grandmother had.

			She waved me over frantically, needing to show me the reason for her agitated state. “Mama, ven aca. We need to make a list if we’re going to make the pernil and moro for tomorrow.”

			I rushed over to the kitchen, to try and reel in whatever was about to happen. My mother did the most for holidays. “I have guandules.” I pointed to Paula, who was already dutifully holding a notepad and starting to jot things down as my grandmother listed them.

			“We brought some too,” my mother confirmed, and I congratulated myself on keeping my sigh on the inside. “One can never have enough guandules, Julita.”

			I begged to differ.

			“Whatever we don’t use we’ll make them for you and freeze them.” With that my grandmother sauntered into the kitchen, already wearing more casual, non-airport attire, and opened the freezer door.

			“Ay, Yolanda.” My abuela called my mother over like she was about to report I had a human head in the freezer. “All she has is ice cream and vodka.” Tongue clicking ensued while they continued to inspect my deplorable living conditions, and I left them to go check on my dad.

			I found him on my bed reading something on his phone.

			“Hey, Papi.”

			He looked up with his glasses perched on his nose, such a contrast from the fashionable sweater he had on. I laughed and pointed at his just-as-well-fitting jeans.

			“Is Mami still picking out your outfits, Papi?” He gave me a look that said, “You know she is.”

			“I lost that fight in ’93 after she caught me trying to wear white socks with dress shoes.” I chuckled remembering my mom’s astonishment whenever she talked about my dad’s utter lack of fashion sense.

			“Ay, no, mija, ese hombre no parece Caribeño,” my mother always lamented. According to her, my dad had been born without the Latinx swag gene.

			I sat down by him on the bed, taking off my own work shoes. “Thanks for the surprise, Papi. I’m glad you guys are here. I was missing home,” I confessed, although the fact they were here told me they had suspected as much.

			“We missed you too, mija. You look good though. How did the visit from the executives go?” My dad never ever forgot anything related to my work. Especially the stressful stuff. He knew how things were, being a social worker himself. Even though he’d been a professor for almost twenty years, he was always looking to get grants for his research.

			“It was good and weird.” I hadn’t talked to my parents about the connection between Rocco—who I’d told them a lot about—and my program’s potential funding issues. They would worry and start pitching solutions or ways to deal, and things were confusing enough already. But now that I had my dad face-to-face, I was ready to crack.

			“Aqui estan.” My mom’s voice snapped us out of our quiet chat. This was always the dynamic in my house—my dad the quiet, calming presence, and my mom the whirlwind who was always up to something.

			“Mi vida.”

			His life. That had always been what my dad called my mother, and the way he looked at her, even after thirty-five years together, showed that it was exactly how he saw her. He patted the empty spot next to him on the bed. “Ven, amor. Come sit with us for a minute. Julia was about to tell me about her job event.”

			My mom perked up at that, walking over from where she stood in the doorway to my room. She kissed my forehead before getting in the bed with Dad. “I’m going to the store with your abuela and Paula.” I was about to protest about the lines, but she held her hand up like she knew exactly what I was about to say. “I know it’s going to be busy, but Paula called the Mexican market that’s just a couple of miles away and they have everything we need. Now give me a quick update.”

			I smiled at her, knowing she was itching to go and get the stuff for her feast together, but also didn’t want to leave without hearing what I’d been doing first. I started to speak and stopped when I realized I was about to start with Rocco. If I did, they’d know that there was more to him than just the fact that he was part of my new group of friends. They’d know, because they knew me.

			I breathed in and regrouped. I realized after a moment that I had so much to say. Rocco was a big part of it, but there was a lot more. I had been building a life here. I could tell my parents about Salome and her badass research all over the Caribbean and East Africa, Dani’s Instagram game, Tariq’s drive and his cute and obvious crush on José. I wanted to tell them about how much I’d enjoyed the academy today and the families and how far the kids had come even in the three and a half months since school started.

			I’d been so preoccupied in keeping my head down and working, to prove to myself I was surviving without Matt, I’d forgotten to take stock of what I’d been actually doing. The pang I felt when I remembered that Rocco would only be part of it for a few more weeks was something I needed to work on, but there was a lot there to be glad for. My parents both looked at me curiously, like they could see my head was a jumble of thoughts.

			My dad, who always had the uncanny ability to read my mind, reached over and squeezed my arm. “Cuéntanos.”

			“Job’s actually going well, other than Vicki, of course. She’s a pain in the ass, but Gail’s well aware of that and I think she’s actively trying to find a way to let her go, before she does something that gets us shut down.” I pursed my lips thinking about how flaky she’d been today. “It sucks having someone in a leadership position that’s such a mess, but I get a lot of support from Gail.”

			“That’s good. You need to be supported, so you can support your team.” That was my dad, always the social worker.

			“Tell me about the families, baby, and your friends. They all sound so nice.” My mom, the people person.

			“The families are awesome. The kids are doing so much better since the beginning of the year. Their grades have gone up and almost all of them are involved in one of the school’s extracurricular activities and adapting really well.” I could feel my cheeks popping as I talked. I felt proud of myself for having so much to report to my folks. “The attendance rate for the after-school program is over ninety percent. They love coming to the program.”

			That got me a sound of approval from my dad. He loved a heartwarming update backed up with some numbers.

			“Out of the juniors we’re working with, almost all of them are pretty serious about college, some community college to start, but they’re all interested in something after high school.” I shook my head thinking of all the adversity those kids came up against just to sit in the classroom and be ready to learn.

			“We’re working with the families too, because there is a lot of trauma there. Almost every single one of our kids has at least one family member—in many cases a parent—who’s undocumented. A lot of our kids are undocumented themselves, and the uncertainty is putting them through hell. It’s hard to stay optimistic sometimes, but they’re working hard and so are we.”

			“You’re doing such wonderful things, mija. We’re so proud of you.” My mom always got corny when I talked about job stuff.

			“Thanks, Mami. Friends are good too.” My face felt hot just thinking about Rocco and how bad I wanted to talk about him to my parents, but I shut that down.

			“Tell us about your friend Rocco.”

			I should’ve known. It was like my parents could sniff this stuff out. “He’s good, I guess. Everyone’s good.” My parents shared a look and I kept rambling. “He’s working as a consultant for Sturm’s, so I’m trying to keep things professional and not hang out with him a lot.”

			And before I could stop myself, more verbal vomit came out of my mouth.

			“His family is kind of chaotic, but he has a younger sister he helps out a lot. He’s a good guy.”

			More than. Rocco was an extremely decent human being and I liked him. But not for me and not that way.

			My father was seeing a whole lot more than I wanted him to. “Is he in town? You should invite him over for dinner if he is.”

			I shook my head hard because that was the worst idea possible. No way was I putting Rocco and my family together. My dad would figure out my crush within seconds.

			“Uh, I think he’s in town, but I’m sure he has plans.” Yes, I was lying through my teeth, but I was not going there. Nope. I got up from the bed and looked around to try to spot my yoga pants and sweatshirt.

			“Mami, let me change my clothes and I’ll go with you to the store.”

			My dad smiled at me and it clearly said, “We know what you’re up to, and we’re leaving you alone...for now.”

			“No, baby, stay with your papi. Paula wants to drive there. You know how she gets about cars.” I laughed at that. My sister’s dream was to go to college in a city with no public transportation. She loved driving.

			“Okay, if you think you’re good, I’ll stay. I have no desire to go to the meat market and fight people for the last pernil in the store.”

			My mother actually hiked up her jeans at the mention of the last pork shoulder in the store and the potential scuffle. “No te preocupes, Julia. We’ll come home with that pernil.” Like I was worried about my Dominican mother and grandmother losing a fight over the last piece of pork before a major holiday. I was concerned for everyone else in the Dallas area trying to take it from them though.

			“I know you will, Mami.”

			My dad called out from the bathroom where he was arranging their toiletries. “Don’t get into a fight over there, mi vida. Just get a couple of chickens, we’ll survive. Being together is what matters.”

			My mother rolled her eyes and left without answering.

			After I went to the guest room to change out of my work clothes, I came back to find my dad in the living room watching ESPN.

			“So, tell me the real story with you and Rocco.”

			I chuckled in defeat as I sat next to him on the couch. He ran his hand over my thick mass of curls. “I’m glad you got my hair, so at least I can remember what it looked like.”

			I laughed at that and gave him another hug. It was good to have my family here, and also so weird for them to be in my space. When I lived in New York, I was always going to them. Living in a tiny apartment with a roommate was not exactly the best situation to receive guests, and home had always been their house. But this place felt mine.

			“Nothing’s happening. Rocco’s nice. So are all the exiles, to be honest.”

			“Are you really thinking of coming home at some point or is that something you’re telling your mom to appease her?”

			This was the part of the conversation when my dad transformed into “we’re about to process your shit” social worker mode.

			I lifted a shoulder, unsure of how to proceed in the conversation. I didn’t want my dad to think I didn’t want to come home because of any other reason than I felt like I needed to make my own way. “I just don’t want you guys to think I don’t love being close to you.”

			He put his arms around me and tugged on one of the curls on top of my head. “Julia del Mar, why would you say that? We know that. But you know what I love? Seeing you talk about a job you’re passionate about and building community out here, baby. Our people take chances, we cross oceans to go after what we want. Having to get on a plane and fly across a few states to see you isn’t the end of the world.”

			I looked down at my feet, still unable to fully shake the embarrassment I felt when I thought about how I ended up here. “I came here running after Matt, and like an idiot got dumped within weeks. I hate the idea of being stuck in a situation because I let some asshole uproot me from my life while the whole time he was cheating on me.” My father made a very unkind sound at the mention of Matt, which was as pissed off as he ever got. But it did help a little in making me feel less like a loser. “I just want to prove to myself that this wasn’t just about him.”

			“But you’re not trapped, mija, you’re in control.” He waved his hand around my apartment. Pointed at the full bookshelves, the art on the walls. “Matt didn’t do any of this, you did. He didn’t get you the job. He didn’t find friends for you.”

			“No, but—” I didn’t even know what I was going to argue with him about.

			He shook his head and smiled at me. “You’re a fighter like your viejo and your mom. You do what feels good for you, for your life. If you’re happy, we’re happy.”

			That was what I needed to hear.

			The blessing I was hoping for, to let me know this was okay. That I wasn’t just delaying the inevitable or fooling myself in thinking I could make it out here on my own. Which only made the feelings I was slowly developing for Rocco that much more of a bitch.

			I wanted to be here and I wanted him too.

			Those two things were going in opposite directions, and no matter how supportive my parents were, my chasing after another guy was going to worry them. Worse, it would disappoint them. I would never risk doing that, not after everything they’d done for me.

			“Thanks for saying that, Papi,” He squeezed me in another hug and after a moment gestured in the direction of my small kitchen. “The vote of confidence matters. Let’s get something to drink.”

			He followed me from the couch and took the bottle of beer I offered him. After taking a long drink, he winked at me before leading the way back to the living room. “You’re fine, nena. I know you’ll figure things out. Now tell me what we’re going to do about your mother and abuela, because their plan is to make a meal that can feed twenty people and I don’t know if I can handle that level of stress tomorrow.”





Chapter Sixteen


			Rocco

			I was standing at the executive parking lot at Sturm’s after getting back from the program visit and all in my head thinking about Dani’s words from last week.

			Could I really leave New York? Take my sister and Blue with me? Leave our parents and all that drama behind? Risk losing the security of a job I had seniority in, a job I was good at?

			“Wasn’t that something?” I snapped my head in the direction of Muffy’s voice and saw her and her sister walking over to me. They looked delighted and with good reason.

			“Phil has been trashing the program all week. He thinks because our little brother has let him run the IPO show that we’re going to just let him mislead the board.”

			“I’m glad you felt good about the visit.” There was no fucking way I was getting caught giving an opinion about Phil or Duke.

			“Julia was with you at the baseball game,” Muffy informed me teasingly, but my panic was too intense to tell what she was getting at.

			Were they joking? Or were they fishing? Fuck.

			“Yeah. She was.”

			There was a weird pause, as if they were expecting me to fill them in on exactly what was going on between the two of us. Not happening.

			After a very heavy pause, Mitzy leaned in and whispered, “Let’s make sure Phil doesn’t figure that out.”

			Fuck.

			Her voice was pleasant and her eyes kind, but still this was so not okay. Mitzy must have figured out I was dying inside, because she squeezed my arm and smiled. “Don’t worry, he won’t get wind of this from us. We’d never give him an excuse to say the consultants are compromised, not now that we know you’re not trying to fuck us over.”

			The coughing fit started before I could help it, and I knew I was red in the face.

			“I would never make a recommendation that would jeopardize my client.”

			Muffy flicked her hand at me, dismissing my comment.

			“We know that. It’s why we can keep this little bit to ourselves. We trust that you will not play fast and loose with the way that we’ve always done business at Sturm’s.”

			Mitzy angled her head toward the hallway. “Phil and Duke can’t wait to get us out. So they can run amok giving themselves Fortune 500 CEO salaries.”

			She was not wrong. If it was up to those two, Sturm’s would be one more corporation trying to slash costs and line the pockets of the executives without any regard for employees or their community. The issue was, I wasn’t sure if there was a way to keep that from happening—at least in part—if they did go public. My job was to get them there though, and no matter what feelings I was feeling, there was no deviating from that. Maybe I’d finally give Julia a reason to hate me and I could move the fuck on.

			“All I can promise is that I will do my job.”

			“We know.” Mitzy pointed at the Porsche SUV in the lot. “We’re headed home. The only reason we even came in was because of the visit.” I couldn’t blame her for sounding annoyed. “But first, let’s pretend we’re just your nosy aunties.”

			These two looked cute and innocent but their gossip approach worked: the urge to spill my guts was strong.

			“Tell us. What’s going on with you and that beautiful woman? You certainly only had eyes for her today.”

			Oh, God.

			“Nothing. Absolutely nothing.” I felt like Judas, denying what I was feeling for Julia like that. Dismissing her. But I could not let the twins get the wrong idea.

			Matching eye rolls came my way in unison. “You’re no fun. Do you have any plans for Thanksgiving?”

			I shook my head and tried not to look too much like a loser. “I think I’m going to take the day to relax.”

			Muffy nodded while Mitzy fished for something in her bag. “We’ll see you on Friday for the barbecue right?”

			“I’ll be there.” The Sturm twins threw a Thanksgiving Friday BBQ that was apparently a famous occurrence in Dallas high-society circles, and my Queens-born-and-bred ass had a formal invitation.

			“Great. See you then, and if you change your mind about tomorrow, just come by.”

			I needed to keep some kind of proper distance, so I just waved them off without a definite answer.

			As I headed up to the office, I saw my phone flashing on my desk. When I looked at the screen, my stomach lurched with the dread I always felt whenever I saw one of my parents was calling me. I couldn’t ignore them, in case something terrible had happened, but I also knew there was no chance it could be good.

			“Hello.”

			“You weren’t even going to bother to call? Your mother’s been crying all day.” My father was slurring, so this entire conversation was going to be a fucking mess. This was what it was like every holiday. My father would start drinking days before and made everyone miserable. Because in his house, if he was unhappy he made damn sure everyone else was.

			A few years ago those words would’ve gutted me and had me booking a flight home, but now I knew that I had to prioritize my own well-being. And today I was not putting up with it.

			“I’m sorry she’s upset, but that’s not on me to fix. Not that anything I do would make you happy.”

			“You could call and ask how we’re doing. So fucking ungrateful.”

			I didn’t need to listen to this.

			“I’m ungrateful? I pay for your utilities every month. Pay for your prescriptions so you don’t fucking die. I’m still waiting for a thank-you.”

			The scoffing sound that came over the phone made my face feel hot, anger and resentment filling me. This was me with my parents. It took seconds to undo years of learning to manage my emotions of keeping myself under control.

			“That’s the least you can do after we kept you fed and clothed. Now that you’re making six figures working for some Wall Street assholes, you think you’re better than us. Brito turned you against us.”

			I squeezed my eyes shut. Not this again. My father hated Coach because when I couldn’t deal with being in that house anymore, he’d helped me out. My father resented that Coach had encouraged me to play baseball. To stick with it so I could get a scholarship. It was like it bothered him that despite all his efforts to break us all down, I’d made something of myself. And I hated that whenever he called me all that anger bubbled right back up.

			I closed my eyes and remembered Coach Brito’s words: “Where you came from matters, but where you’re going matters more.”

			“I have to go, Dad. Have a good Thanksgiving.”

			I ended the call, the phone gripped tight in my hand. I felt drops of sweat trickling down my back. My head was a fuzzy mess too. Everything out of control, just from a one-minute conversation. From so far away my family could still do this to me. Again, I thought about Dani’s suggestion to settle here. But what did it matter if my father could still do this with a call? If I made Sofia come, they’d do it to her too.

			Maybe I just had too much baggage for fresh starts.



* * *



			My phone woke me up at 5:30 a.m., and a smile lifted my mouth as soon as I saw the number.

			“Hey, Coach.”

			A gruff laugh came from the speaker and once again it occurred to me how few people I had who cared about me enough to check on me on a holiday. “Boy, I haven’t coached you in anything since you were seventeen years old. Unless teaching you how to do your laundry is considered a contact sport.”

			I laughed because even though I hadn’t played for him since high school, he’d been coaching me through life since day one.

			“Uh-huh. You up before dawn getting that turkey ready on the DL?”

			He gave a pained groan and I smiled, thinking of him in his Queens College sweatshirt silently preparing the turkey before his wife woke up and tried to make it.

			“You know it. Juanita will be up any minute and I need to get this bird in before she does. I love that woman more than my life, but she might end up killing me or herself if I let her try to roast a turkey again. She has a lot to give, but she can’t cook.” We both laughed at the fond resignation in his voice. “I don’t have you around anymore to keep her distracted.”

			The years I practically lived with them, Coach and I prepared dinner for the three of us whenever I stayed over. He and Juanita never had kids themselves, so having me around gave him a companion in the kitchen.

			“Maybe next year.”

			He made a sound that sounded like a “you better,” then whispered into the phone, “You heard from your folks?”

			“Billy called last night to let me know I was an ungrateful little prick.”

			A heavy sigh came over the line. “That man will never change, but that’s not who you are. I’m proud of you, son.”

			I grunted in reluctant agreement knowing he would hammer that in until I registered in my brain that I wasn’t my father.

			“Are you doing anything today? You get anywhere with your Queens girl? I hope you’re not messing up with her.”

			My face got hot again, and this time I really did sputter. I’d mentioned her in passing once to Coach and that was enough to get roasted.

			“There’s nothing to mess up. I’m going to stay home today, relax, and she’s doing the same. Tomorrow I’m going to a cookout that the women who own the company I’m consulting for are throwing.”

			I heard some more shuffling and a crash, which made Coach bite back a curse.

			“All right, son. Take care. Call us on Sunday. Don’t be dense. Buy a pie and bring it over to that girl if she’s home alone too.”

			I smiled at his pushiness. “I’m sure Julia can get her own pie.”

			“It’ll be sweeter if you bring it to her though.”

			I didn’t know about that, but I gave him a very tentative “maybe” before hanging up.

			I lay in bed staring at my ceiling for a bit wondering why I’d chosen to be here instead of flying to New York and spending the day with Coach and Juanita. I could’ve done something with Sofia and the baby, and yet here I was for no reason.

			And that was a big lie too, because I’d stayed hoping that Julia threw me a bone. But unlike me, she wasn’t trying to wreck her life. The friends, the nice older ladies inviting me to barbecues at their house, that shit was all transitory. This wasn’t my real life and I had to start acting like it.





Chapter Seventeen


			Julia

			I’d done some early morning yoga and was enjoying my second cup of café con leche and some toast my grandmother had delivered and stealing a little alone time in my guest bedroom—since my own was occupied by my parents—when I heard my sister’s yelling.

			“Ayo! There’s a hot sweaty guy with a dirty cat outside!” Paula was so freaking loud.

			Also, what the fuck?

			“What the hell are you talking about, Paula?” I hollered, and stayed in bed, because clearly she was talking nonsense and I was not nearly caffeinated enough for any of it.

			“Niña, language!” I had no idea where my mom even was, but I was convinced she had a sensor that deployed the Voice of God over any of us if we used any “nasty” words.

			Sighing, I took one last sip of my perfectly sweetened milky caffeinated drink and got up to go see what my sister was talking about. When I came out to the living room, I almost ran back to my room. Standing in my doorway was none other than Rocco Fucking Quinn holding a half-dead furry thing. I glanced over to the kitchen and saw that my mom, grandmother, and sister were all sipping coffee and watching the scene unfolding in my apartment. My dad was already making conversation with our unannounced guest.

			“What are you doing here, Rocco?” I sounded a lot more exasperated than I was, but I was having a significant Twilight Zone moment. Rocco lifted his head from talking to the thing he was holding and I bit back another curse.

			My dad turned around, probably to remind me that we “are always polite to guests,” when I held up my hand.

			“Sorry.” I walked up to Rocco and when I looked at him I could see he was freaking out. He kept swaying from side to side as if he was trying to rock what I realized was a gray kitten. And the thing looked like it was one more sudden movement from shuffling of his mortal coil.

			“Uh, is this your cat?” There was a lot to unpack around what was happening in my house at that moment, but I was trained in crisis intervention, so I kept to triaging the situation.

			“I found...her.” Rocco didn’t sound too sure about the gender assignment as he looked down at the kitten—which, after closer inspection, seemed to just be a very dirty white—and then back at me, his dazzling blue eyes pleading. “I didn’t know what to do. Is there a vet open on Thanksgiving? I’m not even sure how I ended up here.” Rocco let out a shaky breath and he looked pale. He was really panicking over this.

			“I found her under the car next to mine at the gym parking lot. There were only like four cars there, so I figured if I left her she probably wouldn’t make it.”

			He was speaking in a very low, soothing voice, obviously trying not to startle the cat, and I knew right then and there my defensive walls were in imminent danger of going up in flames. I needed to get it together or Rocco and this cat were going to end me.

			“Okay, and you figured I’d know what to do?” I tried hard not to sound rude as I desperately tried to put up some kind of boundary. Of course, this elicited multiple disapproving sounds from the Afro-Caribbean Peanut Gallery. I gave my dad the “give me a second” look and he backed off, but stayed close enough to intervene if I didn’t live up to his hospitality expectations.

			I was startled by the things happening to my head and my body at the sight of Rocco standing in my door on Thanksgiving morning looking like I was his last best hope. I knew I needed to not get caught up in this, just as I knew I was for sure going to.

			“Rocco, I don’t have any pets.” I’d also told him how I felt about them. “How do you figure I’d know what to do in this situation?” I made a circular motion in front of the area where he was standing with the cat. He blushed immediately and with every word I said looked more like he regretted ever coming here. Yes, my parents were going to give me shit for being an asshole, but I was barely refraining from fully taking on Rocco and his cat as my new life’s mission.

			“Mija.” That was my dad. How he managed to convey “I am disappointed in your lack of empathy and care for this poor man and defenseless animal” into a four-letter word was a skill I hoped to master one day.

			Still looking at Rocco, I noticed a shiver run through him, and that’s when I realized he was only in a tank top. He’d wrapped the kitten in his sweatshirt.

			That was the precise moment when it really sank in Rocco was about to wreak havoc in my life. Because this gorgeous, softhearted mess of a man had literally taken his shirt off his back and given it to a stray cat. I would’ve laughed if I wasn’t actively trying to assess how close my parents were to inviting Rocco for dinner and making me go with him to the vet. That was when the cat let out the saddest, most pitiful sound ever, and Rocco jumped like two feet in the air.

			It was official, the entire universe had it out for me.

			Before I thought too much about it, I tugged on his arm (okay, his rippling bicep) and pulled him inside. I looked over at the kitchen where my sister was the last soldier standing in the Nosy AF Squad.

			“Paula.” I waved her over. “Go to the closet where the dryer/washer is and get a laundry basket from the stack on the shelf. Put one of the beach towels in it.” I glanced up at Rocco, who was still standing there clutching the kitten, but at least had some color back in his cheeks. From the way he was fidgeting, it could be from embarrassment. And even if my stupid heart skipped a beat at the over-the-top adorableness unfolding, I was staying strong.

			I pushed down the cooing that was practically bursting out of me, and when I opened my mouth, I was all business. “It’s so we can put the cat in there.”

			“Okay.” He still sounded dazed, but at least he was responsive.

			I pointed at the bundle. “Your sweatshirt will need a wash before you can wear it.” I’d be lucky if my whole apartment wasn’t flea ridden after this. I didn’t say it out loud since I’m sure my father would hear me and come give me another disapproving look.

			I angled my head in the direction of the hallway leading to my room. “I have an oversized sweatshirt I wear around the house. I’ll get it for you,” I said, holding up a finger while Paula ran to my little laundry closet. “I’ll be right back.”

			I walked off, trying to ignore the soothing baby sounds Rocco was making for the cat’s benefit so I didn’t melt into a puddle in my own damn living room. When I got to my bedroom, I peeked to find the Ortiz-Rodriguez clan whispering furiously, undoubtedly about this new development.

			As soon as I stepped into the room, they all stopped talking at once. “Abue, I thought you gave up chisme this year.” The woman was born without the part of the brain where embarrassment happened, and just grinned when I called her on the gossiping.

			“Niña, your papi was saying that was the boy you know from your computer group.”

			I nodded slowly, expecting to hear something scandalous at any second. “Ay, Lita, pero que machote.”

			I covered my ears with my hands and wailed, “Abuela! Please stop calling my friends studs.” I pointed a finger in my mother’s direction. “Yolanda, do something about your mother.”

			She rolled her eyes like I knew better. “What am I supposed to do?” She lifted both hands in a gesture of supplication, a smile tugging at her lips. “You know how she is.”

			My grandmother shrugged as she angled her head in the direction of the hallway. “Invite him for dinner, Mami. He looks lonely and he likes you.”

			Without answering, I walked over to the closet where I kept my gym clothes. I pulled out the 2X Hunter College sweatshirt I wore around the house and hurried back.

			I found Rocco standing in the same spot I left him, his hands by his sides and his eyes fixed on Paula—who was sitting on the couch and trying to feed the kitten. The tiny convalescent was now in a laundry basket lined with towels and licking milk out of one of my ramekins.

			I handed him the sweatshirt, trying not to smile too much, because the scene was pretty cute and I wasn’t encouraging any repeats.

			“Here, you must be cold. I’m going to get dressed and we can go to the vet in the Pet Mart at Highland Park. They’re open 24/7.” I gestured to my door. “My neighbor’s dog had an emergency over Labor Day and she mentioned they only closed Christmas Day.” Suddenly, it was like his eyes didn’t know where to go. He looked in the direction of my sleep shorts and then quickly moved up to the cropped sweatshirt I was wearing over my tank top.

			I should’ve moved when Paula got up and went to the kitchen for more milk, but all I could do was stand there and stare him down with the same intensity he was looking at me.

			He’d thrown on my sweatshirt, which fit him weird but at least covered his arms and chest. He still looked hot.

			Really, really hot.

			I’d never had a thing for the tall ones. I liked being able to look a person in the eye. Rocco had a few inches on me and this close to him I was at eye level with the dip at the base of this throat.

			I wanted to lick it. Snake my foot around his calf and run my hands over his chest. Feel his cold skin and what I knew was probably a fast-beating heart.

			He cleared his throat and the spell broke. I pointed a finger in the direction of the bedrooms.

			“I’m going.” I turned around without looking back, but I didn’t miss his breathless, “I’ll be here waiting,” as I walked away.

			Rocco

			My entire existence had boiled down to one goal: to not stare at Julia’s ass while her family was one room away.

			It was hard because her backside was truly magnificent. Like a beacon, really, and I had to cover my eyes not to suck my teeth or swat at that bounce as she walked off to change.

			How was I even here?

			I’d gone to the gym and overdone it as I usually did when I was in a mood. Other than a few more guys and the trainers, I’d been the only one there at 6:00 a.m., so I’d gotten all my shit done in record time. When I got back to my car, I heard a mewling coming from under a car right by mine and found the cat. Before I even knew what I was doing, I was knocking on Julia’s door on Thanksgiving morning like I had no manners.

			I tried to not look mortified, now that it was sinking in just how fucking rude I’d been. She had her whole family here, for fuck’s sake, and I barged into her house at 7:00 a.m. like an oversized scrub holding a dirty cat.

			I looked down at the kitten, who was now licking her privates and had one of her paws dipped in the ramekin Julia’s sister had gotten for her.

			She was cute, but already looking like she was going to be a real handful, and I cringed again at how fucking imposing I was being right now. She hadn’t mentioned about them coming. I wondered if it had been a last-minute thing and that was why she hadn’t offered to hang out again.

			I should’ve taken my filthy cat and gone to find a veterinarian on my phone, but instead I stayed put in her living room like a fucking leech. Blessedly, she walked back out, wearing significantly more clothes, but still looking so good I was legitimately concerned I’d embarrass myself in my basketball shorts.

			“Mami, te dejo el carro.” She hiked a thumb over her shoulder and grabbed her bag. “My mom needs the car, so we have to go in yours.”

			“That’s fine.” I nodded slowly, trying to not be too obvious as I assessed her clothes.

			She’d put on some silver vans, black skinny jeans, and a dark red sweater. As far as outfits went, it was nothing that should’ve had me holding back from running my hands over the little bit of light brown shoulder showing where her sweater slid down. I distracted myself by picking up the cat and moved toward the door.

			“You look great.” It came out before I knew it. She was bending over the cat and inspecting her eye, which looked pretty gross. She looked up and a tiny smile ghosted over her lips.

			“Thanks.”

			A second later, the woman who was a bit older and darker-skinned version of Julia walked out of the bedroom. “Esperate, mija. Dejame conocer a tu amigo.” Julia’s mom looked her over, like she wasn’t sure what was going on with her. “Estas tan rara.”

			Without stopping to hear Julia’s response at being called weird, she came up to me, but before she spoke I greeted her in my best Spanish.

			“Buenos dias, Señora Ortiz. Encantado en conocerla.” Both Julia and her mom came to a dead stop and turned to stare at me.

			“Rocco. Fucking. Quinn. You can do a lot more than manage in Spanish.” Julia’s tone was full of surprise and just a little bit pissed off. And again my dick was getting ideas.

			Julia’s mom sucked in her teeth at the swear word and shook her head. “Niña, por favor. Language. Hola, Rocco. I’m Yolanda. I swear we didn’t raise her to be this rude. Your Spanish is very good.” Yolanda’s accent was so familiar, one I’d grown up hearing in Corona. It was comforting to hear it.

			I looked over at Julia and winked at her before answering her mom. “Thanks. I minored in Spanish in college, and in the city there are lots of opportunities to practice. Here too.”

			Yolanda’s face was glowing with approval at my gringo Spanish, while Julia glared at me.

			“Sorry, Mami.” Julia looked a bit contrite as she handed me the laundry basket full of cat. Her eyes were zeroed in on me though. “How come you didn’t share the fact that you’re fluent in Spanish with us?” She didn’t have to explain, she meant the entire GEC crew. “I mean other than Dani, the rest of us speak Spanish.” I was about to say “not with me” when she pursed her lips as if she’d just realized that fact herself.

			I lifted a shoulder and tried to look coy, hoping it wouldn’t come back to bite me. “Are you worried you said something mean about me?”

			She shook her head and a smile tugged at her lips again. I wasn’t going to lie. Seeing her looking amused and just a little impressed by me made me feel ten feet tall.

			“I haven’t said anything about your shady ass that I didn’t mean.” With that she pointed toward the door. “Let’s go before this pulgosa in the basket turns my apartment into a flea-ridden den.”

			I got moving, waving at Yolanda as we headed out. “Adios, Señora Ortiz.”

			Julia rolled her eyes at my ass kissing and stepped out onto the small porch in front of her place. She was on the ground floor, so my car was just on the other side of the green hedge surrounding the apartments.

			“That’s me.” I pointed at the black sedan.

			She rolled her eyes and walked purposefully. “I know which one is your car, Rocco. I’ll drive and you hold the kitten. That thing looks poxy and I’m not trying to get pink eye from a stray cat today.”

			I tried very hard to keep a straight face, because I knew I was not supposed to find her saltiness adorable. So, I gave a terse nod and a very serious “Yes, ma’am,” and handed her my keys.

			The cat in question was now curled up on the towel bed Paula made for her and not fazed by Julia’s annoyance in the slightest. She still looked pretty feeble, her little eye glued shut with yellow gunk and she was really dirty. We slid into the car and Julia set up the Google map on her phone to guide us to the vet’s office. Within moments we were on the road.

			Julia looked over at me as I worriedly watched the kitten take short, fitful breaths in her sleep.

			Her face softened and she shook her head, eyes on the road. “She’ll be fine. She drank all that milk Paula gave her and she seems to be sleeping okay. They’ll just need to check her out and give her the shots she needs.”

			I nodded, feeling more at ease now that Julia had said the exact same thing I’d been thinking. Except her saying it calmed down all my nerves, something I’d failed to do for myself.

			“I’m sorry I interrupted your time with your family. I didn’t know they were coming.”

			Julia laughed at whatever she was thinking. “I didn’t either. They were in front of my apartment when I got home yesterday.” She scoffed, but the big grin on her face told me she was not unhappy about the impromptu visit.

			I felt a pang of something, not regret exactly, because I didn’t want to be with my parents. But Julia’s obvious delight to have her family here touched on a sore spot that I avoided almost at all costs.

			“I’m glad they came to see you.” I bit my tongue before I said something utterly ridiculous like, “I’m glad your parents give a shit about you.” That was too dramatic and I didn’t need to make it about me. She was already being nice enough to leave her family to help me with the cat.

			Julia took her eyes off the road for second and gave me a concerned look. “Why do you look like someone punched you in the stomach? That cat’s going to be fine.”

			I shook my head and smiled at her grumpiness. Why did everything about Julia Ortiz make me feel warm? Like the parts of me that I would never figure out on my own seemed to fall into place like puzzle pieces when she was around.

			“You’re right. We’re fine.”

			“Completely fine.” I knew she was just talking about the cat, but fuck, it felt like she was talking about my whole life, and for a second, I really believed her.

			She dipped her eyebrows like she was still a little worried about my mental state, but she nodded and pointed at a strip mall straight ahead. “We’re almost there.”

			Just then the cat let out a little mewl that sounded pretty pathetic and I was back to full alert.

			“Good, because Pulga doesn’t sound too good.”

			She turned her face fully toward me then, and this time she was working very hard not to laugh. “Did you just call your cat Pulga?”

			I shrugged, but could feel a matching grin to hers on my own face. “You called her Pulga first.”

			She was laughing now as she eased us into a spot in front of the store.

			“You’re a clown,” she muttered, obviously amused by my cat-naming skills. She powered off the car and turned to look at me and the kitten in question. She waved a hand at the basket where the newly named Pulga was lifting her head like she wasn’t sure what all the ruckus was about, but she wasn’t into it.

			“I called her ‘pulgosa’ because she looked like she could be carrying more than a few fleas in that fur coat. I didn’t mean for you to name the cat ‘flea.’” She sounded outraged, but her smile told a different story.

			I winked and worked very hard in tamping down the flutter in my chest. “I like it. She’s small and a bit of a pest. Pulga’s the perfect name for her.”

			Julia’s face did something then that I hadn’t seen before. Her brown eyes widened and her cheekbones popped. She was beaming, because of something I’d said.

			It was like the warmth of every ray of the sun was radiating in my chest. I was struck speechless by what that felt like.

			Before she turned to get out of the car, she patted my shoulder and tugged on Pulga’s tiny ear.

			“You’re right, it fits her.”





Chapter Eighteen


			Julia

			This man and this filthy cat were going to be my undoing.

			We walked into the vet’s with Rocco leading the way, holding the laundry basket full of feline like it was an offering from the goddess.

			“Hi, my cat needs help.” He was speaking barely over a whisper, like he didn’t want to startle any other convalescent pets.

			How could a man this hot be so fucking sweet?

			I was trying hard to tell myself this was the same guy who could send my life and my career in a tailspin if he felt like it. But I couldn’t make it stick. This man who showed up at my door cradling a little cat like it was made of spun crystal and spoke in Spanish to my mother was hard to connect to that reality. There was way too much to digest in that newsflash, so I tried to focus on the issue at hand.

			“No, I’m keeping her.” I looked up in surprise and found Rocco sending a very slighted expression at the receptionist.

			“What happened?”

			“She asked if we were going to send her to the ASPCA,” he said in an outraged whisper, as he clutched Pulga to his chest. Great. There went my Hunter sweatshirt too.

			I was caught between swooning and rolling my eyes. When I caught a glimpse of the tech taking the information from Rocco, she looked a little addled by the man too.

			Girl, get in line.

			Rocco spoke to the tech again and this time it was clear he was not playing. “I want to make sure she gets the shots she needs and someone to take a look at her eye, and I will be taking her home.” He offered Pulga up for a quick inspection of the poxy eye, and then turned to me with a look that said “Can you believe they asked me that?”

			I gave him a small smile and tried hard to act like I wasn’t deeply in my feelings in that moment, then turned away to hide my face from him. Because what I really wanted was to get up from the bench, go to that counter, and tell the vet tech with the moony eyes to back off, because this man and his flea-ridden cat were both mine.

			But because I at least succeeded in holding on to the last ounce of self-control I had left, I forced myself to stay firmly in my role of supportive friend. “She’ll be fine. They’ll take care of her.”

			He didn’t look too convinced, but turned back to the woman, who had even more information to share with Rocco. I stayed by the bench, hoping to get my shit together.

			I needed a talking-to ASAP.

			I texted Alba, hoping she would bring me back from the ledge I’d walked onto in the last five minutes.

			Julia: Are you still pretending to be asleep to get out of helping with cooking?

			Alba rejected all domestic activities and gender roles with a militant zeal, so the yearly ritual of her sisters and her mom preparing a meal for the assorted males in their family was not something she willingly signed up for.

			She regaled me with a string of red-faced emojis before I got an answer. While I waited I looked up and found Rocco staring at me.

			“Everything okay over there?”

			He nodded and pointed to the door of the examination room. “We’re about to go in. It shouldn’t take too long.”

			He looked mortified, like back at my apartment. It was almost as if it would hit him by moments how extra he’d been this morning by showing up at my house. Immediately I wanted to soothe him, reassure him that everything was fine. That I was glad to be here for him.

			Calm your tits Julia, he’s not your man. You don’t need to fix this, or him.

			I waved my hand and said, “No worries, take your time. I don’t need to rush back to the pernil-making insanity that is happening at my apartment right now.”

			He nodded and I thought I detected the tiniest bit of longing in his blue eyes at the mention of my family. This was not going to end well.

			I went back to my phone, hoping for a distraction, and saw Alba’s message.

			Alba: Did the crew make it there? Are Yolanda and Pura ransacking your place already?

			Julia: You knew?!

			Alba: *eye roll emoji* DUH. Of course, Yolanda told my mom weeks ago, but swore me to secrecy.

			I couldn’t bring myself to actually be annoyed; it had been a nice surprise.

			Julia: Traitor.

			The heart eye emojis softened the blow.

			Alba: Whatevs. I know you love having them there. But seriously what are you doing? Is Rocco Fucking Quinn still setting your pantalones on fire, or did he finally do something douchy and you’re over it?

			I looked up again and saw that the very non-douchy man in question was in the examining room with his new pet, then tapped on my phone to answer.

			Julia: I’m actually at the vet with him right now. He found a cat under a car or something and showed up at my place in a panic asking for help.

			Alba: Okay, that’s pretty adorable.

			Understatement of the year, since I was ready to fight the vet technician when she looked at him for too long, but I was not going there with Alba.

			Julia: It is somewhat heartwarming, yes.

			Alba: Ummmmhummmm... Only a matter of time, before you’re letting Rocco Fucking Quinn pet another kitty, Julia del Mar.

			She thought she was cute with her cat and eggplant emojis, and nobody had to know I was twisting my mouth into a knot to keep from laughing.

			Julia: You’re filthy.

			Alba: I speak truths.

			Right as I was about to go into a full-fledged explanation on the reasons why I would not be letting Rocco anywhere near my pantalones, or any of my body parts, the man himself walked out of the room holding a much-refreshed-looking Pulga.

			I looked at my phone and saw that my mom had sent a missive encouraging I invite Rocco to dinner, because there was a motherfucking conspiracy to have me deviate from my “Dick WILL NOT Distract Me” plan.

			I put my phone in my bag without answering. I did not need to get into a thing with my mother right now, especially when my resolve to keep Rocco at a safe distance was dangerously weakened by the prospect of him getting close enough to pet my feline-named body parts.

			As soon as the tech handed over a small cardboard crate to temporarily carry Pulga, he happily handed over his credit card and turned, his eyes scanning the waiting room until he spotted me sitting by the bulk dry dog food aisle. The smile that appeared on his face when I lifted a hand in hello was radiant. The skin around his eyes crinkled as he walked toward me. I stood up with my heart racing in my chest and smiled back. He looked more relaxed than he’d been when we arrived, and very grateful to see me there. More than grateful, he looked glad.

			“Is the patient all better now?” I asked, pointing at the crate.

			“Yeah. She’s doing fine. Some dirt got in her eye, so it got a little infected. The vet cleaned her up and gave me an ointment. She also gave her the shots she needed. Apparently, she’s only a few weeks old, so she was just undernourished and dehydrated, but she should be fine. Pulga’s a trooper.”

			I twisted my mouth to the side and nodded very slowly. “Infestations tend to be sturdy.”

			“Hey, she’ll hear you.” He covered the vent of the crate with a hand, but he was smiling hard. Oh man, the things happening in my body right now. There was throbbing, there was pounding.

			“Do you want to help me pick out some stuff for her? I need to get her food, a bowl, litter box and a few other things.” He signaled to the store area, where they had everything a pet could possibly need and more.

			“Sure. I’m not the shopper in the family, but I can do Pulga a solid now that we’ve gotten to know each other.”

			He shook his head, closing his eyes. “Thank you, for everything,” he said, sounding embarrassed. “I can’t believe I showed up at your house like that.”

			He sounded disgusted with himself and everything in me wanted to interrupt whatever was happening inside that head. This wasn’t the guy I’d gotten to know over the last couple of months. This guy sounded like he didn’t think he deserved to have people look out for him. I hated it.

			I walked up to him, getting close. Closer than we’d been since the night of the cookout at his place. “It’s fine. I don’t mind. And as much as I love my family, there are a lot of us. My place is roomy for one person, but it’s certainly tight quarters for five people.” I gestured toward the Dallas streets, where I assumed my mother and grandmother were wreaking havoc. “Besides, it’s better to give my mom and my grandmother some space when they’re doing the meal preparation. I just get in the way.”

			He looked surprised at that and tipped his head to the side like he had no idea how that could be possible. “You get in the way in a kitchen? But, you’re an awesome cook.”

			Oh no, that thing happening was not butterflies fluttering in my stomach.

			“Thanks. I’m okay, but not as good as they are, and things can get a little heated in there when all of us are together.”

			He nodded, as if he understood, but the tension in his shoulders, made me think his idea of “heated” was not the same as mine.

			“I mean, they tease and get loud and joke around, and it’s a little tiring. It’s fun, but I find I need breaks from it.”

			He seemed to relax with my explanation and it occurred to me that I had not asked much more about his family since that night his sister called. I glanced up at him and smiled, hoping he could see how much I liked being with him now. That this moment and his company was not an imposition or a nuisance, it had been...a nice surprise.

			I grabbed his hand, the one that wasn’t holding tightly to the crate, and led him to the store.

			“Come on, let’s get this little pest some stuff.”

			His lips turned up into a conspiratorial smile, like he was about to tell me he knew I’d find it as delightful as he did, and man it was getting harder to remember why getting mixed with Rocco was ten kinds of wrong. “Can we get a second bed in case Pulga wants to sleep over at yours?”

			I balked and started backing away with my arms crossed in front of my face. “Never. That fluff ball is officially uninvited to my house for overnight or any other kinds of visits.”

			I wasn’t sure why me shutting him down was making him laugh hysterically, but if I had to guess it was probably the fact that I was smiling like a loon when I said it.



* * *



			We got in the car with a much-improved Pulga now sitting in a brand-new bright red carrier. Rocco was a few hundred dollars poorer, but you would not have thought it from how happy he looked when he got behind the wheel.

			I settled in and looked at him with a grin on my face. “You’re really happy you found this little cat, aren’t you?”

			He powered up the car and looked at me for a moment. “I’m just glad she’s okay. I was scared I wouldn’t be able to help her.”

			“Well, yeah, that is good, but even if you hadn’t been able to save her, you tried. Hard.” No, that warmth in my chest was not feelings. It was hunger and his heated leather seats.

			He nodded solemnly and turned back to look at where Pulga’s carrier was secured with a seat belt. “I’m glad we were able to help her though, and I couldn’t have done it without you.”

			That “we” made something a lot like joy course through my body, and before I knew it, I was breaking all the rules I’d self-imposed for Rocco Quinn.

			“Do you want to have dinner with my family tonight?” He turned his head to look at me and before he answered I knew what he’d say.

			“Are you sure? I don’t want to impose.”

			“You’re not imposing. We’ll have tons of food.” His smile lost a bit of its shine when I said that, but he still seemed pleased.

			“I’d be honored to.”

			I dipped my head, feeling weirdly shy, and I wanted to fight it, because this was not a Rocco and me thing. It couldn’t be. But I could invite a friend who had nowhere to go for dinner with my people. It was just a kindness.

			“Great. My mom will be thrilled and my dad will have someone to watch the game with.”

			He flinched when I said that and again I wondered what Rocco’s story was.





Chapter Nineteen


			Julia

			He brought his cat to dinner.

			I opened the door to my apartment and found Rocco holding the little carrier we’d bought for Pulga at the pet store in one hand and in the other he had a reusable shopping bag with what looked like his contribution for dinner.

			“Hey, I know you said she was uninvited.” His eyebrows dipped, obviously worried I’d be pissed at this plus-one situation.

			I wanted to kiss him so bad, I was dizzy.

			“But whenever I tried leave the house, she started mewling really loud. I think she’s still dehydrated.”

			Boy was I in over my head.

			I smiled placidly as I regrouped and tried not to let him see how his words had actually turned me into a puddle of goo. “It’s fine, since she’s convalescent and all, but once she’s back in shape, she’s banned from this apartment.”

			He gave a terse nod, still looking embarrassed. “Promise.”

			I waved him in, but before I could get another word in, my mom came out of my room in full “Dia de Fiesta” hair and makeup. Holidays that involved a meal meant my mother had to look like she was going to a red carpet somewhere. She was wearing an orange sheath dress with her long brown hair cascading over her shoulders and three-inch heels on her feet.

			To have dinner in my cramped two-bedroom apartment.

			“Rocco, you’re here. Qué bueno.” She leaned over and kissed him on the cheek, then gestured toward the living room. “Julita, I’m so glad you invited him.”

			“Thank you for letting me join you.” Rocco gave me the look that I’d been getting from my friends my entire life, that said, “Damn, your mom is hot.” It was not easy to shine whenever my mother was around, but we were still obligated to try.

			I’d complied with a dark green wrap dress and a little bit of mascara and lip stain, but I was nowhere near as made up as she was. Except now I wished I’d made more of an effort, and why was I comparing myself to my mom and why did I care what Rocco thought?

			I was about to say something, anything, to get myself out of this mindfucky headspace when he walked into my living room and, as he’d done with my mom, bent his head and brushed a kiss against my cheek. As he pulled back, he looked at me appreciatively, his gaze caressing me from head to toe.

			“You look beautiful.” There was fluttering occurring inside me again, and for a second I really wished I could just push up and kiss him. Or punch him. God, I was a mess.

			I felt shy and looked around to see who was in the room witnessing my weirdness. My grandmother was arranging stuff in the kitchen, my sister was sitting on my love seat on her phone, and my mom had disappeared into the bedroom, probably to alert my dad his game-watching companion had arrived. Our eyes were locked together still and I whispered, low enough that only he could hear.

			“You look great too.” He blushed, and that urge to kiss him went into overdrive. His hair was a bit wild today, with none of the product he usually wore at the office. Those jet-black curls beckoning me to run my hands on them. He had on a chocolate-brown sweater, which made his blue eyes pop. His face was angular, with sharp edges, and so was his body. So tight and strong. Such a contrast from the roundness and softness of mine, and yet I felt like if I stepped up to him and put my arms around his waist, we’d fit together perfectly.

			“Rocco, llegaste.” My dad came out of the bedroom with a big smile on his face and broke whatever spell we’d been under. I startled and motioned to take the carrier with Pulga, which was wiggling in his hand.

			“Here, let me get her settled. Did you bring her food?”

			“It’s in the carrier.” He nodded as he passed me the cat.

			“Hola, Señor Ortiz, gracias por la invitación.” I just stared at him, slack-jawed. How was his Spanish this good?

			My dad waved a hand, dismissing his thank-you for the dinner invitation. “Any friends of Julita are always welcome at our table. Please call me Sebastian. Here, let me take that from you.” He gestured for the bag in Rocco’s hand. “I’ll put it in the kitchen and get us some beers, so we can watch this game. It’s starting in a few minutes.”

			Rocco gave him the bag and came over to where I was taking out the bowls for food and water that were tucked in a compartment on the side of Pulga’s state-of-the-art travelling tote. I almost rolled my eyes, but then remembered I helped him pick it out.

			“I brought a hazelnut chocolate cake and some champagne, since you said dessert.”

			I stood up, leaving Pulga to her slow inspection of my apartment. And turned my attention to her owner. Rocco was still feeling a little awkward. I could tell by the way his shoulders tensed and how he held up his back straight.

			Just in that moment, my abuela did what she always did: she said something outrageous to make everything easier.

			“Is anybody going to come in here and introduce me to the handsome man who just arrived? Or are you keeping those blue eyes to yourself, Julita?”

			She spoke in rapid-fire Spanish, but Rocco’s big smile told me he could understand it perfectly. He walked to the breakfast counter on the other side of the room where my grandmother, also dressed to the nines under an apron, was arranging pastelitos, quipes, alcapurrias, and other Dominican and Puerto Rican fried deliciousness on a platter.

			“Buenas tardes. Soy Rocco, un amigo de Julia.”

			She nodded and smiled wide at him, grabbing a quipe and passing it to him with a napkin.

			“Yo soy Pura.” Pointing at me, she said, “La abuela. Eat.” She gestured at the fried thing in his hand as my dad walked out of the kitchen and passed Rocco a cold Presidente beer. I had no idea how my mother had managed to find Dominican beer in Dallas, but when I got back from the vet there had been twelve green bottles chilling in my overstuffed fridge.

			Rocco just stood there with his hands full of drink and food, looking at me like he needed someone to navigate him through what was happening to him. There was chatter all around us; my mom and grandmother were back to preparing food and my sister was whining about there not being a vegetarian pastelito option. So I took pity on him and crossed the two steps to get right in front of him.

			“You heard the woman, eat.” He looked embarrassed and held up the hand with the small ball of fried wheat and beef.

			“What is it?” he asked with a shy smile that made me want to nibble on those red lips.

			“It’s called a quipe. It’s actually Middle Eastern, but there’s a big Lebanese community in the DR and those are a staple hors d’oeuvres food at birthdays, weddings, or any other gathering that involves food, which is all of them. They’re spiced bulgur wheat balls stuffed with ground beef. Taste it.”

			He brought it up to his mouth and took a big bite. My mom and grandma both stopped to look at him—I knew they were waiting for a reaction. They’d scorned Matt, who constantly turned down any food they offered him, so I knew this was some kind of test. I, on the other hand, was captivated for a whole different reason. I could not take my eyes off the way he licked his lips after that first bite to lap up a stray crumb of crispy wheat or the way his eyes rolled as he tasted the quipe.

			After he swallowed a bite and chased it with a long gulp of cold beer, he looked over at the cooks, who were expectantly awaiting his verdict. “Buenisimo. Quiero otro, por favor.”

			They both applauded at the compliment and request for a second one.

			He already had two out of four in the bag.

			He turned back to look at me and gestured to the couch, where Paula and my dad were watching TV.

			“You want to come and watch the game?” His voice was low and suggestive, like he was asking me to do something a lot more scandalous than sitting with my dad and sister to watch football. My whole body reacted to him in a way that felt foreign, and I almost didn’t want to dig too much into it. I’d been with Matt for so long, I’d gotten used to the familiarity, and usually any feelings outside of that with us were not good ones. This thrill to be close, to discover that he wanted to be around me. It was dizzying.

			“Let me check if they need anything else from me.” I said, tilting my head toward the kitchen. Both matriarchs in my family shook their heads at my offer to help, and my mother passed me a platter of snacks instead.

			“Put this on the table, mija. We got the rest.” I did as she told me, put the food on the counter next to the drinks and grabbed the glass of Pinot Noir I’d poured myself earlier, gesturing to the TV.

			“Looks like they don’t need my help after all, so it’s ‘watching the professional sport I’m boycotting’ time.”

			My father looked up, knowing what was coming, and I extended a hand. “Did you pay your dues?”

			He acted all put out about it, but patted the phone in his pocket. “Ten dollars to the ACLU and ten to the Know Your Rights camp. Since it’s a holiday I gave to two places.” He put a finger over his mouth. “Now let me watch. This game is expensive.”

			Rocco gave me a bemused smile as he tried to figure out what my dad and I were talking about. When he finally put two and two together, he looked between my dad and the TV screen, a smothered laugh rumbling in his chest.

			“Did you make your dad give money to the ACLU?” Rocco asked with a smirk as he sat down next to me on the love seat opposite said parental unit.

			“Yes, I did,” I said, unapologetically, as we sank into the comfy couch together. We were so close our legs brushed against each other. His body so sturdy next to mine. I looked at his hands, which were on his lap, one holding the beer and the other the empty napkin that had held his second quipe.

			I imagined the weight of his arm on me, anchoring as we sat close together and watched TV with my family around us. His aftershave smelled like lemon verbena and I was addicted to it. I closed my eyes and imagined a kiss brushing on my temple, his scent enveloping me.

			I opened my eyes and found him looking at me intensely, his arm twitching on his lap, and I wondered if he wanted to be closer as much as I did. I racked my brain trying to think what the hell we’d been talking about before I went down this lust rabbit hole.

			My dad’s voice shattered the tension, and when he looked at us there was a knowing expression there. “She started asking me to do it as a nod to Kaepernick.” He leaned over to press a palm to my cheek. “I do it every week now, even though she’s not home. Julita’s always kept our family looking at the big picture, ever since she could talk.” Rocco turned to me and I could feel his body almost vibrating. I wondered if, like me, the need to get closer was getting more intense with each passing second.

			“I believe it.” As if confirming a known fact. “Julia’s the best. She’s certainly the heart of our group here.”

			My dad grunted in agreement. “She’s always fought for those who needed fighting for.”

			And as if this day needed to get any weirder, now my dad and Rocco were competing on who would do the most in praising me.

			“Papi, are you going to embarrass me?”

			My father laughed. “Embarrass you? Rocco’s known you for a few months. I can tell he sees how wonderful you are.”

			Fun fact: the earth will not open up and swallow you, no matter how hard you want it to.

			“Julia’s told me that you’ve been to see her programs. How was it seeing her in action?”

			“Papi, Rocco probably wants to watch the game.”

			“No, I’m good.” His grin was mischievous, and apparently he was one hundred percent on board with going to embarrass-Julia territory.

			“I’ve only seen a little bit. I was asked to go observe the foundation programs by the board. But I’m glad I did. Julia’s done a great job and she’s so good with the families.”

			“We’re very proud of her.”

			Kill me now.

			I needed to redirect. “Rocco’s also pretty amazing. He has a pretty fancy job and is a great support to his younger sister. Did you get a chance to talk to her today?”

			His expression changed at the mention of his sister, those blue eyes sparkling with genuine affection as he ran a finger over the gold label of the beer. “Yeah, I talked to them for a little bit. My sister is in a young mothers’ group and they do a nice Thanksgiving potluck with the kids.” And just as soon as the smile for his niece had appeared, it was gone. When he spoke again, the tone was flat, like he didn’t want to give anything away. “She may stop to see my parents later too.” He fiddled with his bottle some more, face shuttered from any emotion.

			“You and your family aren’t close?” That was my dad.

			Rocco took time to consider his words. He lifted his head and looked at my dad, then moved just a little bit closer to me. It was a ghost of a movement, but my fool head went right to where it should not and decided the closeness made him feel more at ease.

			When he answered, his voice sounded stronger and I wished I could thread my hand in his. Let him know I could tell he was making an effort to not let the conversation affect him or change the mood in the room.

			“My family is a bit chaotic. My sister and I are close, but my parents are...hard.” He tried smiling through those last words, but his eyes did not match the expression. “Holidays can be stressful. I’ll be home for Christmas though.”

			My dad was now fully into social worker mode, and it was taking everything I had not to bookend Rocco into an empathic-listening cocoon.

			“Julia’s right, sounds like you have a lot to be proud of too.” Rocco stopped picking at the label on the bottle and looked at Paula, who was curled up on my armchair with her Beats perched on her head, engrossed in whatever she was watching on her tablet.

			“I had to stay strong for my sister. She’s about nine years younger than me. I stayed there as long as I could, but I left when I realized me being there made things worse for everyone. What took me a lot of therapy to untangle was that my dad not hitting us didn’t mean he wasn’t abusive.”

			He shook his head then, and seemed to be getting tired from having to talk about this stuff. “He talked down to us a lot, told me I wouldn’t amount to anything. He never helped my mom with the house or with us but nitpicked everything she did. We never knew what we’d get when he got back home from work; sometimes her making the wrong thing for dinner would send him on a rampage. With my sister, he was a little better, but not much, and it was relentless. That’s why this project is sort of a big one for me. If I do well here, I’m in line for a promotion.”

			He lifted a shoulder and when he looked at me, there was more than a little regret in his eyes. “I’ll have Sofia and Blue come live with me. Move to a place outside the city with better schools.”

			The reminder of what was at stake for Rocco hit me like a ton of bricks. This wasn’t just about him. He had his sister and little niece depending on him.

			“We’re glad you’re here now, son.” With that, my dad stood up, put his hand on Rocco’s shoulder, and squeezed. “Aqui estas en familia.”

			He blushed at my dad’s words. “You’re with family.” It was something that Latinx people said to friends and visitors all the time. Mi casa es tu casa, and all that.

			We were big on hospitality. That was a stereotype that actually fit with reality. But hearing my dad say it to Rocco and seeing the reaction it had on him, how his shoulders relaxed and his smile widened, made me wish for things I could not have.

			Just as I was mulling over those very things, my mother yelled from the kitchen, “Vamos a comer.”

			“You ready for this?” I couldn’t tell exactly what I was referring to, but dinner didn’t seem to be quite it.

			Still, he gave a sharp nod and started moving. “I am.”

			We all stood to attention as my mom’s voice rallied us all to the kitchen. While we walked the few steps, I felt his hand brush against my lower back. A light touch, it could’ve been accidental, but when I looked up I could see it wasn’t. The tender smile on his lips gave it away. I stood there, just a few feet from the chaos of my mother passing platters to my sister. My dad wrangling the enormous pork shoulder to the table, where he would carve it for us to eat... The familiar sounds of an Ortiz-Rodriguez holiday, and I felt something powerful happening between me and Rocco.

			Undeniable.

			I liked this man. I wanted him, and from the way he was looking at me, he wanted me right back. If only our lives weren’t pulling us in completely different directions.

			But maybe that was exactly the key to all this. We’d have to part ways no matter what. If I just let myself have him, burn out this fire that had been roaring under my skin since the moment I laid eyes on him, maybe I could move on with my life.

			It wasn’t deviating from my plan; it was just a pause. Self-care. Yes, that’s what this could be.

			I looked up at him, and those blue eyes were like flames licking at my skin. And it wouldn’t stop, I knew that. The only way to end this was for both of us to get this out of our systems. And then we could each part ways without wondering what could’ve been.





Chapter Twenty


			Rocco

			“Un poquito más pastel, Rocco?” I refrained from groaning at Julia’s grandmother’s fourth attempt to offer me more food. I thought I was going to explode from everything I’d consumed in the last hour.

			“Abue dejalo! Se va a poner malo,” Julia protested, apparently concerned for my health. She sounded worried, but I was a bit confused by what she’d said, then looked at Abuela, who just waved her off and proceeded to hand me another piece of chocolate hazelnut cake.

			“You told her the food is going to turn me bad? I mean, it might make me sick if I eat more—”

			She laughed and ran her hand over my forearm, the third time she’d done that since we’d moved back to the living room for more game time and dessert. She’d only had a couple of glasses of wine, so I couldn’t pin it on alcohol-induced affection. But something had shifted since I’d spilled my life story before dinner. I didn’t want to make unhealthy assumptions and decide she felt pity for me. I thought too highly of her to do that. But this new closeness seemed very different.

			She was still laughing at my question, but answered with a smile lifting her lips. “It’s a Dominican expression, something like ‘he’s going to get sick.’”

			I looked at the chocolate cake in my hand and then at Julia and her dad, and they both shook their heads.

			“Don’t eat it,” her dad warned. “The first time I met Pura, she kept handing me plates of food until I was sure I’d puke on her couch, and that’s saying a lot, I’m Puerto Rican!”

			I took his advice and discreetly put the slice of cake on the coffee table.

			“Good man. Sometimes my suegra’s food can be too much of a good thing, if you know what I mean. Now the rum, that’ll help.”

			I liked Julia’s dad. He was kind and friendly. And he looked at his wife and daughters like they hung the moon and the stars. I wondered how he and Coach would get along—probably great. I also was not going to read too much into the fact that he compared me crashing their Thanksgiving dinner to the first time he ate at his in-laws.

			That was not the place my head needed to go. I grabbed the small glass of rum I’d been nursing, to finish it before I stood up, and pulled on Julia’s hand. Her puzzled expression was adorable, but she just let me bring her with me and I wanted to kiss her. No, I wanted to ravage her. Grab her by the waist and pull her tight against me as I licked into her mouth.

			Instead, I pointed at the kitchen. “Let’s go clean up.” Both Paula and Sebastian stared at me with stunned faces at the suggestion. Julia, on the other hand, was giving me a look that was very far removed from professionally friendly.

			When she spoke, her voice was soft and mellow, and I wished to everything that this night could end with us wrapped up in each other, full of good food and family. “Uh-oh, you’re going to have to fight Abuela to make her leave the kitchen.” That was Paula, who seemed totally amused by my suggestion.

			Julia was into it though. “We’ll go see if she’ll be able to say no to the blue-eyed gringo.” Her grin and her dad’s low chuckle made me think things were about to get dicey with Pura.

			She let go of my hand and waved it in the direction of the kitchen, where her mom was busy putting food into containers and her grandma was apparently handwashing the high-end disposable plates we’d eaten on.

			I started walking toward them slowly and after a couple of steps looked back to find Paula, Julia, and their dad watching me like I was the best entertainment in town. I pointed at Julia and wagged my finger. “Is something about to happen to me?”

			She cracked up and mouthed, “You’ll be fine.”

			Suuuuure I would be.

			I got to the counter and cleared my throat to get the two older women’s attention. They both snapped their heads up with matching beatific smiles aimed at me.

			“Oh, Rocco. Quieres algo?” I rushed to shake my head at the inquiry, in case the something they were wondering if I wanted more of was food.

			“No,” I said, beckoning Julia over. “Queriamos ayudar con la limpieza.” I paused for a moment when they both gave me blank stares at the suggestion of us helping with the cleanup, and wondered if my Spanish wasn’t right. There was some sputtering, but soon after, Sebastian and Paula also came to help.

			There was some very fast Spanish, and Sebastian clapped me hard on the shoulder. Pura and Yolanda considered each other for a couple of seconds, and then abuela started taking her apron off. Yolanda followed her example while the other three gasped as if something monumental was unfolding in the cramped kitchen. It seemed like Abuela’s accepting my offer to clean was a game changer for the Ortiz clan. I wasn’t even sure why, but I was feeling about ten feet tall, especially when Julia’s grandmother pushed up and kissed me on the cheek.

			“Esta bien, querido.” Pura’s smile was wide as she spoke, and Yolanda had a matching expression.

			“Julita, your friend is a good boy. I like him,” Yolanda declared with a friendly wink aimed in my direction. Julia, Paula, and Sebastian had matching expressions of shock as I smugly tied on Abuela’s discarded apron. I waggled my eyebrows at Julia as she looked on in disbelief. Pura and Yolanda each patted me on the shoulder as they walked from the kitchen to relax on the couch.

			“Vamos, Julita, a limpiar,” I teased, as she shook her head in amazement.

			I noticed Julia’s shock was quickly replaced with an expression that looked a bit more menacing, so I quit teasing. But soon she and I were cleaning up side by side in the kitchen as her dad and Paula tidied up the living room.

			Once we got busy scrubbing pots and pans, Julia bumped my shoulder. “I never thought there would be a guy to wear my abuela down and get her to take a rest after a holiday meal.”

			“Oh?” I was impressed with my ability to sound casual.

			“My ex, Matt, and I were together on and off for like fifteen years and she never let him anywhere near her kitchen.” She frowned at something, then muttered. “Not that he ever offered.”

			I’d never wanted to punch someone I hadn’t met so bad, but if I ever ran into that fucker I was going to pop him right on the mouth.

			“On the first try you got her to actually sit down.” She gestured at her grandmother, who was sipping some rum, with a baffled expression. “You talked her into literally putting her feet up! What kind of witch are you?”

			I laughed and winked at her. “Uh, wizard, and Abuela likes me, I guess.”

			Something that sounded a lot like “get in line” left her lips, but we went back to cleaning up in companionable silence.

			Being here with Julia, it made me yearn for things I never knew I wanted or even considered I deserved. With Coach Brito, I’d always been welcome and cared for, but I wasn’t one of them. My parents were always lurking only a few miles away, threatening to pull me back into their chaos.

			Here though, in this city and in this apartment, I felt like I was right where I was supposed to be. Like I was a piece of the puzzle, and if I went missing, the picture would not be complete.



* * *



			Things were starting to wind down at Julia’s and even though I knew I should, I didn’t want to leave. I ran my hand over her thigh, which was under a blanket she’d draped over the two of us while we watched an old movie with her family.

			A shiver ran through her as I touched her, and more than anything I wanted to have my hands on her skin. Her eyes were sultry and she looked soft and sleepy. I wanted to pick her up from that couch and take her to bed. But that would certainly put an end to whatever new set of rules we were playing by tonight. So when she whispered a, “What’s up?” close to my ear that sounded like a moan, I gritted my teeth and did my best to answer in a normal tone.

			“I should get going.” I looked around and saw that her dad and grandma had fallen asleep on the little love seat across from us. “Looks like you guys need your space.”

			As soon as I uttered the word “space,” Paula—who had been doing something on her phone since she’d been outvoted on her horror movie suggestion—huffed and got up from her spot on the carpet. She eyed the couch Julia and I were still curled up on, and pointed. “You’re in my bed, my guy.” She didn’t sound like she was exactly thrilled to be sleeping there, but she looked tired and more than a little cranky.

			She was so different from Julia, her skin a lot paler and her hair straight and very dark, almost black. She was shorter than Julia too, and very slender, a total contrast to Julia’s curves, but they looked like sisters. Something about how they carried themselves.

			I got up, feeling embarrassed that I’d taken her bed. “Sorry about that.” She waved a hand without looking in my direction as she fished for a small toiletry bag from a basket next to the couch.

			Before I could think about what I was saying or why, I blurted out, “You and Julia can come and stay at my place if you need a little more space. I have two extra bedrooms and I’m only like a ten-minute walk from here.” I looked around as Julia, who had been folding the blanket, froze with her arms outstretched, each one holding a corner of the soft bright red blanket. Before she could respond, Paula yelled, waking her father and grandmother from their post-meal nap in the process, “Mami! Julita and I are going down the street to sleep at Rocco’s.”

			Julia finally reacted and quickly finished up her fold job as she talked. “Paula, hold up! I don’t want to impose.” She turned to me and her face was a mix of panic and anticipation. Which was also a good way to describe what was currently going on with me.

			“It’s not an imposition at all. You know I have tons of space, Julia. It’d be my pleasure,” I rushed to reassure her as Yolanda came out of the bedroom.

			“What is it, mija? You’re sleeping somewhere else?” I started freaking out internally, wondering if I’d somehow insulted Julia’s family by implying there were too many people or that her place was too small. Before Julia could answer, her dad got up from the armchair, fully awake now. He looked between Julia, Yolanda, and Paula, then at me, his expression unreadable. I wondered if he was calculating just how sleazy I was trying to be with his offspring, but then he smiled and gave me a thumbs-up.

			“Thanks for offering, Rocco. Poor Pau’s been sleeping on this couch that’s too short for her. They can walk here in the morning to have breakfast with me.” He looked up at his wife, who still didn’t look fully convinced about the change of plans. “Yolanda and Pura are planning to be at the mall by 7:00 a.m. Right, mi vida?”

			Yolanda still didn’t look too sure about this new development, but seemed determined not to make a thing out of my impulsive invitation. “That’s fine, mija.”

			Paula, on the other hand, had a backpack over her shoulder and was ready to go. “Yup. We’ll head over when I get up, Papi.”

			Julia had been silent as the whole exchange happened. Now she looked at her parents like she had no idea who they were.

			“So, you guys are cool with us taking off to Rocco’s for the night?”

			Sebastian just walked over and gave her a one-armed hug. “Sure, makes sense to take Rocco up on his hospitality. We’re pretty tight here.” He held out his hand for Yolanda. “Vamos, mi amor. I’m tired and you need a foot rub.”

			Yolanda took his hand and then leaned up to give me a kiss and pat me on the cheek. “It was good having you here, Rocco.” She wagged a finger at me and then gestured toward the kitchen counter, where there were a few containers packed with leftovers. “Don’t forget those, and come back on Saturday. Julita is taking us on the Kennedy tour.”

			“Sounds great. Thank you for today. I had a great time,” I said, unsure what to do next.

			I watched Julia walk off toward her bedroom without saying a word, but I didn’t know if I should press the issue of the sleepover. Was she really going to come to my place?

			After a few minutes, she emerged wearing gray leggings and a black sweatshirt with the word “Chula” in bright red at the center. It was hard not to stare at her. She looked alert, the sleepiness from before replaced with something new. Her eyes were bright and awake when she walked up to me with a small overnight bag slung over her shoulder.

			“I’m ready.”

			It took me a moment to react, but the Ortiz sisters waited for no man.

			“About time, let’s go people,” Paula complained from the door and Julia gave me a small smile as we walked out of her apartment into the cool Dallas evening. This was probably the most ill-advised thing I’d done to date. But I could not muster up the energy to regret it, not a bit.





Chapter Twenty-One


			Julia

			“I’m taking the guest room with the TV.” I ignored Paula’s excited voice echoing from one of Rocco’s extra bedrooms. The man had cable and superfast internet, so we would probably not see her until she got hungry in the morning.

			I was standing by the doorway of the other bedroom, which was directly across from Rocco’s, while I listened to him moving around in the kitchen. He’d shown me to the bedroom after letting me know he’d be putting away the leftovers he’d brought over from my house. He’d walked over all the way back from my apartment with Pulga’s carrier slung over his shoulder and the reusable bag full of containers in front of him like it was very precious cargo.

			There was nothing precious about what I wanted to do with Rocco Quinn though. No. This day had been nothing but a series of emotional ambushes aimed at decimating my reasons to stay away from him, and I was in a mood to take every ill-advised road my body wanted to go down on this day of thanks.

			And even with all the not-so-friendly feelings happening in my pj’s, I was still hung up on the absurdly adorable display I’d witnessed firsthand during operation “Save Pulga.” He’d had perfect strangers sighing after him as he walked out of the vet’s office giving Pulga a pep talk as she popped her little head out of the carrier.

			Women had shot me appreciative looks, jealous looks.

			And for a moment, I wished I could claim him. I wished I could’ve taken his hand, possessively. Kissed him and told him how wonderful he’d been with that poor defenseless animal. And that was before he charmed my entire family at dinner, and managed to get my grandmother to let him clean the kitchen for her. Something she’d never done for anyone, not even for my dad.

			I sighed and walked out into the living room, where the man in question was currently trying to coax Pulga from under the couch—where she’d been since we arrived—with a small bowl full of fancy cat food. I stood there observing him and let myself take in the picture he made. Still in his jeans and sweater from dinner, he was crouched by the couch, his voice soothing and gentle.

			“Come on, Pulga. You must be hungry, sweetheart.” With a finger, he pushed the bowl as close to the couch as it would go. “You need to eat. We can’t have Julia thinking I can’t take care of my girl.”

			I almost gave myself away, because this was too much. He was too much. Everything I learned about Rocco made me want him more, made me ache to get closer.

			Once I had Rocco, really had him, I wouldn’t be able to stay away, and soon after that I’d be back to where I always ended up, bending, altering my plans for the sake of a man. I was playing an extremely dangerous game, but I was not bowing out yet.

			I cleared my throat and he looked up, his face opening into a wide smile when he saw me. “Hey, you get settled in? Is Paula okay in the back room?”

			Damn it. Why was he like this? Why did he look at me like my very presence made him deliriously happy?

			I padded over to where he was and kneeled down next to him. “It’s great, thanks. We probably will have to forcibly remove her from that room tomorrow though. Our dad never let us have a TV in our room, so whenever she has a chance to watch TV in bed she goes a little nuts.” He beamed as if his enabling my sister’s cable addiction was his greatest achievement of the day. “Thanks for offering, by the way. I love my family, and having them here is a really nice surprise, but I was not prepared to have my house completely taken over.”

			He shook his head as if it was nothing, “No need to thank me. I have plenty of space. It’s nice having people using those rooms. It’s the nicest place I’ve lived in, and other than the Exiles, I’ve had no visitors.”

			He blushed then, and looked down. I’d seen him do this before, act embarrassed or ashamed whenever he talked about his background or his lack of family and friends. I wanted to brush the black curls out of his eyes and soothe him, tell him that being here with him after the happy chaos of a holiday with my family felt like an oasis. Like the perfect ending to a good day. A day his presence had made so much better.

			But instead I gave a short nod and said nothing. We looked at each other for a long moment and it was almost like he could see everything I wasn’t saying. That my silence was my only defense against the foolish things he was making me feel.

			Just as I was about to make an excuse and flee to my room, I saw a little furry head peek out of the couch. I touched Rocco’s chin to get his attention and pointed down. Pulga was out from her hiding place and getting busy with her dinner. We both smiled at the little pest as she inhaled the fishy-smelling food. I got up first, and Rocco followed suit. We both stood there in the dim light of his living room, a few feet apart, not moving. His chest heaved up and down, as if his heart had suddenly gone into overdrive.

			I gestured toward the open bedroom door. “I should head to bed. It’s—”

			I looked at my watch and realized it was only 9:00 p.m., not exactly bedtime yet. “I should go, give you some space.”

			He furrowed his brows, like I’d said the most absurd thing he’d ever heard. “Space from you?” My heart was thumping in my chest for this man. “I like having you here. I liked spending the day with you and your family.” He put his hands in his pockets and those blue eyes shone with gratitude.

			“Thank you, Julia. It’s been a while since I’ve had a Thanksgiving like that.” He opened his mouth as if to say something else, but then closed it and looked to the side. “Whenever I’m in New York, I usually go to Coach’s house, but I always go see my parents first.” He let out a long breath, as if merely talking about his family exhausted him. “So, I’m always a little out of it by the time I get to his place. My family is a lot.”

			I almost rolled my eyes and said “So is mine” or something in that vein, but I stopped myself. I knew the struggle of growing up in a home where the adults couldn’t or wouldn’t care or nurture their children. The long-lasting scars of that kind of upbringing, all the work it took to undo the feelings of worthlessness for the adults who survived childhoods without a sense of safety. It would not be fair to act like my family’s admittedly poor boundaries or loudness compared to what Rocco dealt with.

			Rocco was strong. So fucking strong, and kind. To me, to everyone, even to his parents, who continued to treat him poorly. Before I knew what I was doing, I closed the distance between us.

			This was not a fluke or something I was doing just because either. I wanted him, and I reached up for him.

			“It was nice being with you today. My folks loved you.” I stood up on my tiptoes, and kissed his cheek. Pressed my lips against his smooth chin.

			He’d shaved before coming to my house for dinner; he’d wanted to look his best for my family. Somehow, out of all the things he’d done today to chip away at the little bit of resistance I had left, that was what razed through the last of it.

			He sucked in a breath as I pressed my lips to his face. I stayed there for a second, unable to pull back. His scent, lemon verbena, and a little bit of cat fur, enveloping me.

			“Julia.” My name on his lips was an invocation and I wanted to succumb. In the back of my mind, something nudged me to step back, to go to my room like I’d said I would. Trying to edge out the need in my body. But that was not what I wanted. My hands came up around his neck and when he said my name again, it was with his lips against mine.

			My heart thundered in my ears as I opened my mouth to whisper, “Rocco.”

			I felt a shiver run through him as he tightened his arms around my waist and anchored me. This was the place where things made sense. His arms were a harbor and I needed...

			“Can I kiss you?”

			Of course he’d ask.

			I didn’t answer. I pushed closer until our bodies were flush together. We were touching in so many places. I slid my tongue out to lick his bottom lip and it was like a jolt of electricity. He nipped at my lips, hungry for me, and I responded as if I’d been starved too.

			That night at his place had been a small taste, but this kiss was sultry, slow, his hands on my hips, possessive. I threaded my fingers through his hair, and when my nails grazed the back of his head, he growled. A lusty sound, like every touch was revving him up. But before I could process that these were not the sounds of the restrained man I’d gotten to know, he was moving down to my neck, the edge of his teeth against the tender skin there, making me tremble.

			“Oh, God.” Was that me? I didn’t know I could sound like that.

			I gripped his back hard as he tongued my ear, shivers wracking my body. My core ached, wetness pooling there. I wanted to sink into the floor, let him take my clothes off and fill me up with his touch, his words, all of him.

			“Rocco.” I wanted to say we should stop, that my sister was just down the hall, but what came out of my mouth was a long, tortured moan, which sounded a lot like “Besame.”

			It was as if my breathless request for his kisses snapped the last thread holding him back. He moved his hands from my hips down to my ass and squeezed.

			“I’ve been wanting this ass from the moment I saw you.” Those growls, there was no chance of me not seeing this through. I’d expected more softness, but this Rocco was self-possessed, just enough of an edge to send my pulse racing. I was licking into his mouth as he ran his hands over me, and everywhere he touched, I was burning. I wanted him everywhere. Especially where I needed him most.

			I dragged one hand from his neck and gripped his cock. “You’re so hard.”

			He pulled up from where he’d been nibbling on my neck, and looked down at me, his eyes blazing. “I’m like this half the time I’m around you. When I saw you in those pajama shorts this morning, I almost came in my pants.” He growled, still running a possessive hand over my ass.

			“Your body does things to me.” He was flushed and his lips were red and swollen, but what made my heart stop was the way he looked at me. It would be very hard to walk away from this.

			I ran my hand over his erection and licked my lips, wanting him to see that I was right there with him. “You’re one to talk. I don’t even know how to process what happens to me whenever I see you shirtless.” That cocky grin that I’d only seen a couple of times blossomed on his face. I was melting for him, literally.

			“What happens to you?” he asked in a voice I’d never heard before, the gentle and nice Rocco gone now, replaced by a man who was completely focused on making me lose every ounce of sense for him. His hand moved across my hip and he pressed the heel of his hand right against my clit, making me sway with need. “Do you get wet for me?” His mouth was right against my ear for the next question. “Are you wet now?”

			I was dizzy and so turned on, I could barely think, but I regrouped, because I could play this game too. I licked up his neck before I answered. “You know I am, you fucker.”

			A rough laugh escaped his mouth, before he bent down to kiss me, his hand still cupping my sex. “I’ve been wanting a taste since that night. I’d lick you so good, tongue you until you’re boneless.” He actually pulled back and licked his lips. “I’d do it all night.”

			I was barely able to stand, my hands fisted on his shoulders. “Why are you torturing me?”

			He kissed me again, one long lick into my mouth, then asked, “Can I touch you there? I can feel you’re dripping for me.”

			Without speaking, I took his hand and slid it between my belly and my cotton panties, until I got him right where I wanted him. I wasn’t some wilting flower. If he wanted to touch me, to put his hand on me, then I would make sure he knew exactly how I wanted it. He gasped as his two fingers dipped in and rubbed my clit.

			“Fuck, you’re wet. Will you let me suck on you?” His words were coming out in between harsh breaths, as his clever fingers did their very best to drive me out of my mind.

			“Oh shit. Rocco.” I spread my legs wider, giving him more access, my hips rolling into his touch.

			He shook his head, his breath harsh in my ear. “I want to taste you, but not today.”

			What? Why?

			“No,” he said as his thumb circled the exact spot that made me go off like a rocket. “When I put my mouth on you, I’m going to take my time. Lick and suck until I have you begging. Saying my name like it’s the only word you know.”

			“Fuck.” It was too much, he was so big, and it felt like he was everywhere, his hands on me, his kisses leaving me breathless. I wanted to say yes to everything. To his mouth, his hands, his cock.

			But I needed a moment, I needed to think. “I thought you didn’t date. This skill level does not reflect that.” I felt that cocky grin against my neck and my knees almost buckled.

			“I said I didn’t have girlfriends. I never said I was celibate.”

			Clearly not. If the coordinated attack on my sanity by fingers and tongue was any indication. Just when I thought I might survive this mostly unscathed, he pulled his hand out of my pants and pressed it to his nose, then sucked his fingers.

			“Oh my god.” That reedy, barely audible voice was mine. “Rocco.”

			“Fuck, I love how you smell.” His wet fingers dipped right back in, looking for my clit again. “I bet I’ll have you on my hands for days.”

			I was holding on for dear life as he increased the pressure, his fingers pressing the bundle of nerves inside me as his thumb made circles on my clit. I stiffened as the pleasure coiled something inside me so tight it felt like every muscle in my body tightened at once.

			“Does that feel good? I want to hear you come for me, Julia.”

			I had no words. My belly felt liquid and that tightness in my gut started building, impossibly good.

			I moaned again and he took my mouth hard, his fingers expertly working to make me fall apart. The orgasm hit me in waves and I clung to him, panting his name as it took me under. Until I was boneless in his arms.

			I couldn’t remember ever—not with Matt or any of the guys I’d messed around with on our many “time-outs”—being with a man who could make my body respond like this. Once the moment passed, he slipped his hand out and brought it back to my ass. Cupping it, like all of that was his. And I was in no shape to argue.

			“Good?” he whispered in my ear, and even though it sounded a little smug, I had to give it to him. He did excellent work with his hands.

			I tried and failed to look mad. I was too blissed out. “It was great and you know it. Don’t be conceited.” He laughed and I tilted my head for another kiss. We started lazy and slow, but when I pressed against him, I felt his erection. I looked up, embarrassed. I’d gotten off like a porn star and he was still hard as a rock.

			“Can I?”

			He shook his head and kissed my ear. “Today was about you.”

			Why was he like this?

			It was my turn to shake my head. “Are you trying to win some kind of Mr. Perfect award or something, because who says no to a blow job?”

			He laughed and hugged me tight. “I didn’t say no. I said, I’m okay for now. I don’t need to come every time you do.”

			Bullshit.

			I gripped his cock tight and looked at him. “But what if I want to taste you?”

			“Julia, you don’t have to.”

			I ran a hand over his hard chest, my mouth watering at the thought of him in my mouth.

			His body was tight with tension. I could tell that it wouldn’t take long for him to lose it. I wanted to give him the same pleasure he’d given me.

			“I want to.” I was about to go down on my knees and show him when a loud crash and my sister’s voice made us both jump.

			“Hey, are you guys still up?” My heart was galloping out of my chest as I frantically tried to adjust my clothes.

			She was in the living room within seconds, definitely not long enough for me to get myself together or for Rocco’s hard-on to sort itself out. I stood in front of him doing my best to look like I hadn’t just been finger fucked within an inch of my life, with a half-feral cat as a witness.

			Oh, God, we both reeked of sex.

			Paula stopped short when she got a good look at us and retreated. “Okaaayyy... I’m just going to grab some seltzer and go back to the bomb-ass guest suite.”

			She wiggled a finger in my direction, her face scrunched, like she could smell us. “Um, your clothes are a little messy.” She looked up at Rocco, whose face could not look much better than mine, opened her mouth, closed it, shook her head, and walked away.

			We both stood frozen as she got a can of seltzer out of Rocco’s fridge. He put his hands on my hips, in that same possessive way he’d been touching me before, but it was like I’d had a bucket of cold water dumped on my head.

			I couldn’t believe I’d done that. And with my sister just down the hall.

			Who was I even fooling? That’s why I was here. Because I’d wanted to be alone with him. Because I knew this would happen. I could use Paula as an excuse, but I could’ve said no. I’d come here for something, and I’d gotten it. Now I had to live with the consequences.

			When we heard Paula’s door close, he pressed up against me, his cock against my back. And I was right back in it with him, wanting things that I could not have.

			“We almost got caught.” He sounded a little frazzled, but underneath that was that growliness that had me begging just minutes earlier. That smile against my neck made me shiver.

			I almost melted into him again. It was hard to think when he pressed small kisses on my neck. I wanted him again, this time in a bed, with him driving into me. I knew it would be amazing, his big body moving with mine. I knew now, just from this taste of him. Once I’d fully had him, there was no going back.

			I couldn’t.

			I’d lost years with Matt, because I always found an excuse to focus on him and get derailed from my own goals. I could not do that again.

			I took Rocco’s hands off my hips and turned to look at him. As soon as he saw me, the sexy little grin on his lips disappeared and his eyes went blank. I fucking hated myself in that moment, but Rocco had his responsibilities and I had mine.

			“I need to go bed.” I made a circular motion between us and then gestured toward his raging erection. “I’m sorry.”

			I stepped back and away and headed to the room right across from his. Without turning, I whispered, “Good night.”

			I thought I heard a response, but I let myself into my room without looking back.





Chapter Twenty-Two


			Julia

			“Dude, what the fuck is your deal? I had to leave a stack of blueberry pancakes because you made us run out of that place like your ass was on fire.”

			“Paula! Language!” That was my dad, who was sitting on the couch watching the news as my sister and I blew into my apartment before 7:00 a.m. I’d stormed out of Rocco’s place after barely saying three words to him. It was so fucking rude, but I had no idea how to act around him after last night. And there was no way I could eat the pancakes that he’d made with the same hands that made me come so hard I almost blacked out.

			“Sorry, Papi,” Paula said not at all contritely as we both walked over to give him a quick hug.

			“You’re back early.”

			I knew I was all out of sorts and my father had a hell of a radar for when anyone in his family was upset.

			I nodded and redirected the conversation. “Where are Mami and Abue? They still here?”

			“Yes.” I almost laughed at the agony in his voice. “Your mom and abuela are getting ready for the shopping.” His tone indicated he wanted no part of today’s plans. I nodded and moved to go get myself some coffee, since I’d barely had two sips of the perfectly prepared macchiato Rocco made for me this morning. Paula came in right behind me and just stared at me with her arms crossed on her chest.

			“Julia, I’m serious. You were rude as fuck to him this morning.” She looked at the front door as if an imaginary Rocco was standing there waiting for an explanation for my shitty behavior. I closed my eyes and saw his crestfallen face when I’d turned down the food he’d offered us. I felt nauseous thinking of how I’d acted. “What gives, Lita? I thought things were going well between you two, at least from what I—”

			I sawed my hand through the air and snapped a bit more forcefully than I wanted at her. “Paula, stop.”

			I turned around and before I answered her, I took three deep breaths, trying not to take out my annoyance at myself on her. I pinched the bridge of my nose and closed my eyes. My day would not get better by picking a fight with my sister.

			“I wanted to get back here. I promised Mami and Abue I’d go with them to the good outlet mall in Grand Prairie and we have to get there early. It’s going to be a madhouse over there today.”

			This was exactly why I didn’t want to start something with Rocco. I was lying and feeling like shit. If we got together, it would only be more lying and more shittiness. I needed to remember that. “Please, Pau, just chill, all right? I’m strung a little tight right now.”

			I don’t know if it was the quiver in my voice or my general desperation, but something about how I looked made my sister’s eyes widen, as if finally realizing I was a more than a little frazzled. Right at that moment, my dad, who until now had kept his attention on the TV, sauntered to where we stood in tense silence.

			“Did something happen this morning?”

			Paula looked at me and then opened her mouth, like she was going to say something. A feeling of dread ran through me, and I wasn’t even sure why. My parents—well, my father at least—never interfered with my life. If I asked him to stay out of it, he would. The same could not be said for my mother.

			I opened my mouth and talked into the silence, hoping to just end this conversation. “Everything was fine, Papi. I just wanted to be here early for the shopping.” I felt so fucked up right now that I was actually looking forward to the hellscape that would be outlet shopping on Black Friday. If anything, it would for sure be a distraction.

			My father was still looking at me funny, and my sister’s scoffing at my answer certainly didn’t help matters.

			“Did you guys sleep all right?” There was a lot more than him wanting to make sure I got my beauty rest in that question, but I was not going there. I gave a terse nod in response and took a big gulp of coffee.

			Paula, on the other hand, had a lot more to say. “I slept awesome. Rocco was a great host and the guest bedroom I was in had its own bathroom and a TV, with cable!” I had to hide a smile by drinking some more coffee. She was so extra. My dad chuckled and wrapped an arm around her shoulder.

			“You were living your best life, over there.” Both Paula and I laughed at that. Our dad spent most of his days with New York City-bred undergraduates; his knowledge of the most popular slang was as hilarious as it was uncanny.

			Paula nodded and gave me a pointed look. “I totally was. Rocco promised we’d watch the Goblet of Fire tonight.”

			How did he know to bribe my sister with her biggest weakness?

			More importantly, I could not go back to Rocco’s. I would do something stupider. I shook my head before I thought better of it and almost stomped my foot.

			“We’re not sleeping there tonight.”

			Paula, who could go into the drama field if her dream of going to vet school didn’t work out, wailed in response. “What, why?”

			My dad was looking at me with canny eyes, obviously interested in my answer, and I wanted this whole fucking conversation to be over.

			“Because I said so, all right?”

			“I didn’t see you complaining about the place last—”

			My panic must have shown on my face, because whatever she saw shut her up.

			“Fine. Suit yourself,” she huffed, walking out of the kitchen like I was crushing her every dream.

			I was tired, figuratively and literally. Tired of wanting Rocco, tired of telling myself giving in to it was stupid. Tired of feeling guilty about not wanting to move back home, tired of not wanting to lose my job. Tired of my coworker being a Problematic Penny, just tired.

			But mostly, I was confused and low-key horny, because I knew that if I went back to that apartment tonight, I’d end up in Rocco’s bed, and just the thought of that felt like a panacea to all that ailed me.

			“Hey.” My dad’s worried voice snapped me out of my troubled thoughts. “What’s going on in there?” he asked, gently tapping my temple.

			“Did Rocco say something to upset you?” I almost laughed at the question, because Rocco had been nothing but amazing to me yesterday and this morning even when I was being a total jerk to him.

			“No, he was great. I just want to be with you guys. You’re only here for a couple more days. So what if we’re a bit tight?”

			My dad let me get away with my lame answer and gave me a peck on my forehead. “All right. We’re happy to be tight as sardines in here with you, if that’s what this is really about.”

			He moved to grab the mug he’d been using from the counter and filled it with coffee. He took a sip and looked at me with knowing eyes. “But, if this is about you not trusting your judgement or thinking that you don’t know what’s right for you, because of what happened with Matt...”

			“Dad.” I only called him that when something was off. He, of course, took note and held up his hand.

			“We don’t have to get into it. I just need you to hear me when I tell you this: you have better judgement than most people my age. You’re strong and your decision to come out here to support your partner was what I would’ve done. Your partner got an opportunity for a better job in Dallas, you held it down for him, got yourself a job, and made the move. It went badly because Matt acted badly. You did everything right.”

			“I should’ve known he was stepping out on me.” The words came out calm. Saying it now, it all felt like it happened long ago, so distant from the rage and anger I’d felt after it happened. I realized that the sting of Matt’s cheating hurt more because I hadn’t been smart enough to see it than the fact that it ended our relationship.

			“No, baby, you were doing what you were supposed to. Why would you assume the person that was supposed to love you failed you?”

			I was about to say something else but the space was suddenly filled with my grandmother’s voice. “Lita, are you ready to take your mami and me shopping?”

			I smiled at how excited she sounded. Those two were die-hard shopaholics and Black Friday was practically a national holiday for them.

			My father gave another squeeze, his eyes showing me that he’d meant every word he’d said. I wanted so badly to believe him, but I wasn’t sure about anything. Other than the intensity with which I wanted Rocco.

			“Yes, Abue. I’m ready,” I called just as my phone buzzed in my pocket. When I pulled it out, a legit hot-and-cold flash shook me. It was a message from Rocco to the Exiles chat group.

			Before I opened it, I looked at my mom and grandma, who were ready to go, their bags perched on their shoulders, full hair and makeup on fleek. They were dressed in matching track suits, like a pair of pink and yellow highlighters in head-to-toe neon. I looked down and saw they were sporting matching Nikes to finish off the look. Their endurance shopping footwear. I almost took a photo to send to Rocco, knowing he’d find them adorable and hilarious in the same way I did.

			Because I never fucking learned.

			I shook my head at their eagerness, and smiled as I opened my phone to look at the message. “I’ll be ready to go in a second, guys.” When I tapped on the app and saw a selfie of Rocco with his hair muzzled and wearing the gray Columbia sweatshirt he’d had on this morning, holding a very harried-looking Pulga in one hand, my heart did a summersault.

			Rocco: Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving. Julia and her family were gracious enough to have me over. I’m still recovering from the feast. Also wanted to introduce you guys my new roommate. Her name is Pulga (Julia’s fault). She’s only tried to scratch my eyes out twice this morning, so we’re making progress.

			José: OMG! She’s so cute. Where did you get her?

			Rocco: I found her under the car at the gym. Julia helped me get her to the vet. She saved my ass and helped me name Pulga.

			My heart squeezed in my chest and I could hear his low, raspy voice saying those things. His earnest eyes telling me how grateful he was for my help. Salome was the next to respond, but I was already swimming in regret for how I’d left his place.

			Salome: That’s really sweet, Rocco.

			The others commented too, and then I saw a notification pop up for a message from José just to me.

			José: I’m gonna need all the details as soon as my plane touches down in our fair city. Juhurd?

			He put an emoji of a face shouting, and I had to laugh.

			Julia: Fine. Chismoso.

			I ruthlessly closed out of the app without responding to Rocco after answering José, and glanced up to find two pairs of curious, if somewhat impatient, brown eyes staring at me. I remembered my fretting was getting between two Dominican women and a day of Black Friday sales. It was only a matter of time before their patience evaporated.

			“Sorry,” I said, putting my phone in my pocket, and gestured to the door. We passed my dad on the way out, who was focused on whatever was happening on the TV screen and didn’t see my sister, who was probably hiding in a bedroom somewhere to avoid going with us.

			We all waved goodbye to my dad and left the apartment. I took a deep breath and vowed to focus on my family for the duration of the weekend.

			“Vamonos, mujeres. Black Friday deals wait for no woman.”

			They both gave me a funny look, and before I got into another round of “What’s wrong?” questions, I got my ass moving.





Chapter Twenty-Three


			Rocco

			So I made the woman of my dreams come in my living room after the hottest make-out session of my life, then she ran out of my house like it was on fire, and I hadn’t heard from her since.

			It would not be easy to walk that one off.

			I sighed, closing the Exiles chat group, where everyone was still texting about their post-Thanksgiving activities, and tried to get my bearings. I was currently hiding in a corner of the Sturm twins’ impressive backyard, which at the moment was lit by what seemed like thousands of little lights.

			I made a move to get another beer from the fully stocked bar, complete with five selections of local beer on tap. But, of course, all I could think was how I wished I was at Julia’s having Presidente with her dad. As I walked to the tent where the food and drink were, I tried to think of something, anything, else. But my mind went right back to Julia.

			She had not responded to any of the many messages the group has posted, not even the ones from José and Salome asking her about her family’s surprise visit. I was trying hard not to make her unusual radio silence on our chat about what happened between us. But every other message that went unanswered was another confirmation that I had pushed too far. That my own stupid fantasies were only that, my own shit, and Julia was not fulfilling some unspoken wish by hooking up with me.

			I needed to stop this shit. I needed to leave her alone, because what was my end game here anyway? There was no future for us. There wasn’t even a present. Not if we both wanted to keep our jobs.

			“I hope all that thinking is going to how you’re going to make our IPO the most successful one your firm has done to date.”

			I managed to suppress a groan as I turned around. It seemed like Phil had finally arrived. At least dealing with him would be a certain way to stop thinking about Julia.

			I extended my hand to him and tried my best not to sneer.

			“How are you doing, Phil? Did you have a good Thanksgiving?”

			He was standing next to a very pretty brunette who seemed weirdly familiar as he answered.

			“We did. Listen, I need to meet with you first thing on Monday.”

			This guy had no fucking manners. Could he at least introduce us before he started giving me orders?

			Before I could do it myself, the young woman clicked her tongue and extended her hand to me. “Phil, you didn’t even ask him how his holiday was.” Her tone was disapproving and she rolled her eyes at me, almost saying, “Can you believe this guy?”

			“I’m Caroline. My dad is an old friend of the twins.”

			“Rocco. Nice to meet you, Caroline.”

			She dipped her head and then looked up at me appreciatively. I knew her from somewhere, but before I could ask from where, Phil barged in on the conversation again.

			“The twins are feeling pretty solid about their position with the board and I think they want to put the decision on the agenda for right after Christmas.”

			Was this guy really shit talking these women in their own house?

			“The company regulation calls for all new decisions on budgeting to be made before the new year, and the more time they have the more they will be able to do to convince the board that funding these programs again is a good move. We need to vote before they get more people on their side.” He shook his head, as if the twins were asking the board to set money on fire.

			I took a moment to answer because if I said what I was thinking to this asshole I could kiss that promotion goodbye.

			He took my silence as an invitation to continue and moved closer to me. Caroline took that as a cue to find something else to do, waving at me as she moved on to talk with a couple a few feet from us.

			“We need to figure out a way to put an end to this bullshit plan. If we keep sinking this money into their new feel-good project, we’re going to hurt our numbers for investors. Not to mention this crazy fucking idea of providing child care for the single-parent employees and the ones making less than $32K.”

			As far as I could tell, both of those things could be done without much issue, but why was this guy talking business right now? I just kept my mouth shut and nodded, it was my job to listen to Phil, and I had a feeling him thinking we were on the same page was a good thing.

			“Those two.” His lips pursed like he’d bitten a lemon when he looked over at the twins, who were holding court by the pool. “Want to make this company into some sort of socialist commune.”

			I turned my head to the side, trying once again to not snap at him, because I’d seen the payroll and knew his salary was very close to half a million dollars and the bonus check he got each year had six figures. Greedy little fucker.

			I worked for him though. At least I did while I was here. My boss at Davidson’s had been very clear, I answered to the board, and the liaison to the board was Phil. I had to assess the state of the company and make an objective recommendation regarding the IPO. I had no business championing the foundation’s programs. Except that now I knew what those programs did for the families, the way Sturm’s took care of their employees, of their community. Those were big reasons why Sturm’s was so special. Take all that away and you lost the magic. Not everything was always about the bottom line.

			The more I learned about this company and their culture, how they achieved their success, the more I understood that going public and trying to compete to keep investors happy was going to kill the values that built their brand. They would almost certainly take off. I’d be surprised if the company wasn’t bought up by a bigger conglomerate within the year. Strong brands with a solid customer base like Sturm’s would get scooped up in a hot second. It would sell big too. Sturm’s was an institution in the fashion world, and acquiring it would be a coup. But then it would no longer be the Sturm’s that I’d gotten to know.

			I was trapped, because saying that the IPO would be a success but would destroy the things that make Sturm’s special would mean fucking with Phil’s plan and very likely getting fired from this project on the spot. It might not cost me my job, but it would certainly be a big hit for my upward trajectory with the firm.

			“Rocco.” Phil’s sharp voice snapped me out of my thoughts and back to the not-so-pleasant reality that if I wanted that house in the suburbs for Sofia and Blue, I’d have to be this fucker’s errand boy until this project was over.

			“I’ll see you Monday; we can talk about how to proceed then.”

			He huffed, seemingly unhappy with my lack of enthusiasm for his plan to take money from children, but he walked away, finally leaving me in peace. I almost went back to hide in the backyard until it was a good time to leave when I remembered I’d come to the tent to get a beer.

			I knew the stakes of not going along with Phil. I had to get my shit together and do what I’d come here to do. Which was why messing with Julia and thirsting after her was only one more way that I was sabotaging myself.

			My father always told me I was my own worst enemy. And I worked hard to prove him wrong. But I was not just fucking myself over on this. I had to stop looking for ways to mess with my and my sister’s future.

			I lifted my head and saw the twins spotted me and were waving me over to them. I held my hand up, indicating I would head there once I had a drink.

			I got to the front of the line and ordered my beer, still feeling in a funk. I felt caged in by my situation, and unsure of what I wanted. Uncertainty was not a good place for me. The path to perdition had always been when I let my feelings for others cloud my decisions. The first thing I needed to do was quit this thing with Julia. She clearly wasn’t interested, and pursuing it could potentially cost us both dearly.

			I walked over to the twins, who were now talking with Caroline, and there was an older woman there with them.

			When Caroline saw me, she smiled wide and made space for me to join the conversation.

			“Ladies.”

			“Rocco, have you met Caroline?”

			I dipped my head, smiling back at her, but feeling like my entire body had turned to stone.

			“Hello again.”

			Her smile was suggestive and flirty, and I wished to God I had the energy to oblige. Because maybe this was what I needed. Something, someone, to get me off this ill-advised obsession.

			Thankfully the twins demanded my attention again. “And this young lady is our mother, Consuelo Garcia-Sturm.” I tried to hide my surprise at their mother’s name. I had no idea the twins had Latinx ancestry.

			“So nice to meet you, ma’am.” I practically curtsied like a tool. Consuelo had to be in her mid to late seventies, but she looked great. Stupidly, I thought she’d probably get along with Julia’s grandmother.

			“Nice to meet you, Rocco. I’ve heard a lot about you. Sounds like that ass-kissing cabrón at least got a consultant that’s not trying to destroy my husband’s legacy to make a buck.”

			I sputtered, almost choking on my beer while Mitzy and Muffy did a terrible job of looking scandalized at their very dignified mother cursing out of one of their executives. I cleared my throat looking for a response, but Ms. Consuelo had more to say. “He’s handsome too, niñas.” I did grin at hearing Mitzy and Muffy—two high-powered women in their fifties—being called girls by their mom. “You need to find a way to steal him away from those New Yorkers and keep him here in the South.” I again was at a loss for words, and as I tried to come up with something, noticed that Caroline had joined our foursome.

			“I certainly would be glad for more tall, dark, and handsome New Yorkers at the gym.” Caroline—who was still eyeing me like she was trying to give me time before pouncing—added. “You go to the Dallas Sports Club in the Palomar building, right?”

			That’s where I’d seen her.

			“I do,” I said. “You do the 6:00 a.m. spinning class.”

			“It’s good to see you.”

			I nodded and managed to wedge out another smile.

			“Same.”

			The twins and Consuelo were looking at the exchange with interest and I kept talking to Caroline even though all I could think was that I wished Julia was here. That I could go to her place and squeeze into the couch next to her to watch a movie with her and her family.

			Caroline must have noted my lack of enthusiasm because she decided to make up for it by excitedly discussing every fitness class she’d ever attended at our gym. I took a sip of the beer that tasted like water and focused on the twinkling lights overhead as I listened to Caroline. But every word from her about calories and burpees just made me remember the way Julia had savored the tart I’d brought over. How her ass and hips felt when I had her in my arms last night. How that had not been nearly enough and yet it was as much as I’d ever get.

			“Who’s your trainer?” Caroline’s question ripped me out of my unhelpful thoughts and turned my attention back to her.

			“I don’t have one,” I said, trying very hard to sound interested.

			Once her shock at my lack of a trainer wore off, she began a lengthy PSA on posture and endurance. I stood there half listening and trying hard to suppress any thoughts about Julia.

			No looking back. My eyes had to stay focused on my future.

			Julia

			It would be nice if even once, I actually followed through with what I said I would do when it came to men that are no good for me. I kept telling my friends, my family, myself that Rocco and I could never work, and now that he had finally gotten the message and left me alone, I missed him.

			I was sitting in my car at the Dallas Arboretum parking lot, where I was supposed to see him and the rest of the Exiles in a few minutes, sulking. I was nervous; I didn’t know if he’d be different with me, if he’d be cold and distant instead of his usual warm self.

			I opened my phone and went to Instagram...again. I looked for the picture, and that possessive feeling, the churning in my gut that made me want to do irrational things, came roaring back.

			In the photo he was at the BBQ at the twins’ house. He’d taken a selfie with them, their mom—who looked amazing—and a younger woman. A gorgeous brunette with blue eyes. She was looking at the camera, her head close to his. He seemed happy, and looking at her smug smile made me feel stabby. I didn’t want anyone touching him.

			I took a breath and tried to regroup before leaving my car. I was here to see my friends. We would drink some wine and walk around a pumpkin patch that was apparently the most spectacular use of decorative gourds ever attempted. I could do this: it was only a matter of weeks, after all. Rocco was supposed to be done with this project by the end of January. He’d get his promotion, leave us all behind, and go back home to NYC.

			Home.

			I closed my eyes and thought about the word and what came up was a lot more complicated than before. Yes, home was my parents, and it was Alba, but so were the Exiles, my job at the Sturm Foundation, my apartment I had set up just like I wanted, and even Tacos and Margs Tuesdays. My problem was that even if I didn’t want him to be, Rocco kept popping up in a lot of those pictures.

			My phone buzzed, saving me from myself and the pit of corniness I was sinking into. I looked at the screen and for a second felt disappointed when it wasn’t Rocco.

			Salome: ¿Que pasa ma? You coming or what? J, Dani and Tariq are already wilding out and touching everything. You know Rocco is the only one that knows how to act and he’s not here yet. I need backup before these three get my brown ass kicked out of a fucking conuco.

			I smiled at her calling the pumpkin patch the Spanish word for orchard, and tapped a quick message letting her know I was here.

			I got out of the car and walked to the entrance. It was cool, but not freezing. The sun was setting and the air felt crisp in that way that it does in the fall. I walked in the direction the information desk person told me I needed to go, and took my time appreciating the surroundings. The foliage looked so vibrant against the late afternoon glow. It wasn’t Central Park in the fall, but it was beautiful in its own way. The magnolia and pecan trees scattered around the grounds felt familiar and comforting.

			I came up to the entrance of the area where the rest of the exiles where waiting and spotted them right away. Dani and Tariq were standing by a tall table while José and Salome were in line for what looked like a wine and beer bar. They stood close, engrossed in conversation. They seemed like they’d been friends forever, and that’s how it felt to me too. When I looked at them, I saw people I could count on, people who knew me and liked me. Dallas was no longer a place I was stuck in. It was a place I’d been building something. Just like my dad told me.

			I frowned as I walked up, noticing that I did not see Rocco anywhere. Did he cancel because of me?

			I never responded to his text saying he was not going to come to the Kennedy Tour with me and my parents last Saturday. It was Wednesday now. He wouldn’t just not show; he would’ve said something in the group chat. Unless he didn’t want me to know.

			Fuck. I needed to stop this shit. There was no use in agonizing about it. This was all for the best. I knew that. He knew that.

			I came up to the small table where Dani and Tariq were standing and greeted them with kisses on the cheek. “Hello, hello.” I waved my hand around. “This is certainly festive.”

			Dani rolled his eyes and took a sip from his glass of red wine. He had forgone his usual business casual attire for well-fitting dark jeans and an oatmeal sweater. He looked like the very picture of autumnal fashion and would mostly likely have one of us take pictures of him for the Gram at some point. I turned and looked at Tariq, who must have come straight from work because he was wearing charcoal slacks and a light blue oxford shirt under a very stylish black trench coat. I was not going to ask him if he knew where Rocco was. “Well don’t you two look handsome.”

			They both smiled and complimented my outfit. I’d done a lot more than I usually did for work, but I knew I’d be coming here after and, well, I could lie to others, but not myself. I’d wanted to look good in case I saw Rocco. Because nothing said healthy coping like getting all sexy for a guy who made you come in his hallway before you ghosted him.

			I angled my head in the direction of Salome and José, who had seen me and were waving me over. “I’m going to say hi to those two. Salome said you guys were being a handful. We need to keep an eye on you two.”

			Tariq gave me a cheeky smile and shook his head, feigning innocence. “Us? Never. Rocco’s the one usually causing mischief.”

			Dani chuckled at that and took another sip of wine. Just hearing Rocco’s name made my stomach dip. I looked around again, hoping to see him. But he was nowhere to be found. I was literally biting my tongue to keep from asking, but for better or worse Dani opened his mouth and put me out of my misery.

			“Speaking of the devil, here he comes. That’s Caroline, the ‘gym buddy.’” I looked up and saw him walking with the woman from the Insta photo, so close their arms brushed as they walked. I’d never considered myself a jealous person, and intentionally tried never to fall under the stereotype of the possessive Latinx woman, but I was vibrating with the urge to go and pry them apart. Tell her that she was too close, that those clothes, those eyes, that cologne were for me. Not hers. Mine.

			I heard someone clearing their throat and realized I’d stopped in the middle of talking to Tariq and Dani to glare at Rocco and his new friend.

			“Soooooo, I see you spotted him.”

			I turned to see Salome and José standing by our table, drinks in hand. José, who was my favorite, handed me a glass of prosecco, and put his arms out for a hug hello. One of his eyebrows was perched high on his forehead and his eyes were zeroed in on the offending parties, who bypassed us and waved in the direction of the bar instead of coming to say hello. This was a beer and wine event. It wasn’t a personal affront to me. Rationally I knew that. It did not keep me from wanting to push tall-and-skinny off him and put my arm around his waist.

			I forced myself to chill the hell out and gave José a tight squeeze. “I missed you, friend. How was New Mexico?”

			“It was good. How’s you?”

			I twisted my mouth to the side in answer and turned to give a kiss to Salome.

			“Querida. I love this dapper fall lewk,” I said, admiring her emerald-green corduroy jacket and her gray shirt and slacks. “I’m loving it.”

			See, I could be normal. Chat with friends and focus on things that were not Rocco.

			José nodded appreciatively. “She got that jacket at the sample sale you wouldn’t come with us to.”

			I rolled my eyes. “I don’t do sample sales for that designer because they have nothing bigger than a size twelve and I’d rather spend my time where they can cater to my body.”

			José dipped his head in agreement. “Point taken. If they’re not smart enough to make clothes that you can show off with that luscious ass and gorgeous tits, then that’s their problem. Right, Rocco?”

			What the fuck?

			José winked at me like I was in on his joke as I made a full about-face to find Rocco Fucking Quinn standing behind me. He’d somehow gotten even more handsome over the past few days.

			And yes, “she” was still there. I guess they decided to come and say hello before getting that drink after all. Swell.

			I just stood there like a robot as he nodded, apparently in agreement with José. “Any designer who’d overlook a body like Julia’s is a fool.” He said it looking straight at me. The heat as he ran his eyes over me was so intense, it could’ve left a trail of blisters on my skin.

			I didn’t answer, but I leaned up to him and kissed his cheek. He returned the kiss and placed a hand on the small of my back, just for a moment, pressing his fingers in. When I pulled back, he was smiling, relief etched all over his face.

			“It’s good to see you, Rocco.” I could be cordial, friendly. Nobody needed to get their wig snatched up in here. “How’s Ms. Pulga?”

			His smile widened and he lifted his hand to show me a few scratches. “She’s giving me hell, but at least she stopped shredding my door.”

			I laughed as he turned to the woman who had been watching our conversation with very curious eyes.

			“Caroline, this is Julia Ortiz. The official founder of the Gotham Exiles Club.”

			Caroline’s smile did not reach her eyes and her body language was giving off a vibe that let me know she was definitely competition.

			“Nice to meet you, Julia.” She was sneering more than smiling, but I rolled with it. I extended my hand and gave her a real smile.

			“Good to meet you. Are you here with friends too?” Okay, that sounded a little bit more pugnacious than I intended, but this girl was getting on my damn nerves.

			Rocco must’ve detected the menacing vibe coming off me, and intercepted before Caroline could set me all the way off. “We just ran into each other coming in. Caroline and I go to the same gym; we met at the twins’ party on Friday.”

			He gave those last two words a meaningful emphasis, but Caroline was oblivious. “Isn’t that a funny coincidence? I mean, what are the chances of us both being here on a weeknight?”

			I honestly had nothing, and after a few moments of awkward-as-hell silence, Rocco finally put us all out of our misery.

			“Anyone need anything?”

			Caroline jumped on that shit like she hadn’t drank anything for days.

			“Me, please. I’ll go with you.” She immediately hooked her arm in the crook of his elbow and smiled up at him, and that’s when it happened.

			He looked at me, then at her. And without a word, he walked away.

			I deserved that. I’d done nothing but give Rocco mixed signals and leave him hanging at every opportunity. Besides, it’s what I wanted, wasn’t it?

			Then why were my eyes burning like I was about to cry and my hands itched to go and pull Caroline’s perfectly manicured nails off Rocco’s forearms?





Chapter Twenty-Four


			Rocco

			“I’ll be here!”

			I sighed as I walked away from Caroline, who was sweet but had been sticking to me like a shadow. The night—which I’d already expected to be weird—had so far been excruciating. I hadn’t had a chance to talk to Julia and I was starting to fear she was royally pissed at me.

			As I made my way back from the bar, I spotted her going out into the garden. I looked behind me and saw that for once Caroline had veered her eagle eye off me and was chatting with Tariq, Salome, Dani, and José. I liked her fine, but she had the completely wrong idea about my level of interest. Especially with Julia here. Not that she’d given me any indication she cared.

			Although there had been that moment when Caroline put her hand on my shoulder where I could’ve sworn Julia sent her a very unfriendly look. But why would Julia be jealous? I was not her man. Her icing me out for almost a week told me that she was very clear on that.

			I didn’t even fucking know. But the fact was that whenever Julia was around, my entire body was primed to track her every move. The need to get close to her like a gravitational force. And now here I was again, going after her.

			I followed the path that Julia took and found her sitting on a bench in a dark corner. We were in a secluded spot by a copse of trees. It was a little chilly outside and Julia was wearing a bright red coat that she’d left unbuttoned, giving me a perfect view of the plunging neckline of the ivory sweater she was wearing. She looked tired though, and pissed. She looked really pissed. Not wanting to startle her, I stopped a few yards from where she was and lifted my hand before I spoke.

			“Hey.”

			My low voice sounded too loud in this quiet spot, and her head snapped up when she heard me. She seemed surprised to see me there, and her eyes had definitely lost the warmth that she’d looked at me with on Thanksgiving.

			“Are you sure you’re allowed to be talking to other women on your own?” Her tone was placid, but there was a definite edge there.

			Was she really mad because Caroline had been monopolizing my attention all evening?

			Feeling warm and fuzzy about making her jealous was probably not the healthiest reaction, but I couldn’t help it. Julia seemed pissed off by the fact that another person wanted me, and even though it made me an asshole, I was glad to know it.

			I’d been so unsure about what went on between us that night. If I’d been the only one affected by how good it’d been. I didn’t answer, but came closer until I was standing just a couple of feet from the bench.

			“I ran into her here, Julia. We just know each other from the gym.” She rolled her eyes. Like she thought I was just bullshitting her. “Besides, you’re the one who cut me off. You practically ran out of my place the day after Thanksgiving and have barely acknowledged my texts since then. I feel like my head is spinning with you sometimes.”

			She looked up and seemed embarrassed. Dammit. I took a deep breath trying to get a hold of myself. Shaming Julia because she didn’t want what I wanted was not the way to do things.

			“You must already know what I want. That the only woman’s attention I cared about tonight was yours.”

			She shook her head and looked away from me. “Don’t say shit like that, Rocco. Where’s that even going to get us?” She faced me again and when she glanced up her eyes were blazing. I could see the same turmoil there that I was feeling. After a second she stood, a long exhale escaping her lips.

			“Go back to sweet-and-cute Caroline. She’s better for you.” She waved her hands between us, until I caught them and held them in mine. “This isn’t a good idea, Rocco.”

			I stepped up, getting closer, certain she would stop me or walk away. Instead she pressed herself against me and I lowered my head until our lips were almost touching. I could taste her already, feel the heat I hadn’t gotten nearly enough of the last time.

			I took her hands and hooked them around my neck. I didn’t care about making Caroline wait, I didn’t care about anyone finding us. I didn’t care about anything other than having Julia’s mouth, touching her again.

			She gasped as I ran my hands down her back. I stopped at her waist, not wanting to assume. She shook her head weakly, her voice barely audible, while I waited.

			“We can’t be a thing, Rocco.” She sighed, as she pressed herself to me.

			Before I kissed her, I had to say what she and I already knew.

			“We already are.”

			Julia

			We left together.

			We hid in those bushes and kissed and touched until we were both so turned on and disheveled all we could do was slink away like thieves in the night. And I guessed we were stealing. We were trying to rob a little bit of time, as ours was running out.

			Rocco made me impulsive in a way that scared me sometimes. I’d always been hyperaware of people’s perceptions of me. Being an Afro-Latina, trying to show people that I could be in charge, that I could be trusted, meant I had to be above reproach. I could be a mess in my personal life, unsure of what I was doing, but with my job, it was always one hundred percent on track.

			Even breaking up with Matt...that blow hadn’t been as devastating because I had my job here and I knew that if I stayed that would be enough to make things work. But here I was, in a car after leaving my friends hanging, barely able to stay still thinking of what was going to happen once we were at Rocco’s.

			“You okay?” The question and Rocco’s hand gliding over my thigh pulled me from my agitated reverie. When I looked up at his profile, I felt that sick but so good churning that happened whenever he was close.

			Fuck, I wanted him so bad.

			“I’m good.” He nodded at my answer and his strong jaw relaxed, as if we hadn’t ditched all our friends and Caroline so we could go have sex. I almost asked him again if he really thought this was a good idea, if we should do this when we both knew it could not end well, but I didn’t. I wanted to enjoy this, to have him all to myself even if only this one time. Seeing him with someone else had made me greedy, and I wouldn’t even let my own doubts have a piece of him tonight.

			I watched his sure hands on the steering wheel and didn’t let myself think about my own car sitting in a parking lot, where it would sit until I picked it up tomorrow.

			Just as I was wondering how bad the teasing would get, my phone buzzed in my hand.

			José: This text is for AFTER Mr. Quinn has turned that cherry out. I just want you to know Caroline has moved on without assistance. And we’re all here placing bets on whether you two are actually going to make it to a bed or if you’re getting busy in the arboretum parking lot.

			A laugh burst out of me as I tapped out a message.

			“What is it?”

			“Our friends being clowns.”

			Julia: Thanks for the update. We did make it out of the arboretum, but can’t make any promises about Rocco’s garage. I’m turning off my phone because I don’t need any of this hateration as I diligently undo every single one of my professional boundaries to get laid.

			With that, I powered off the device in question, slid it in my purse, and ran a hand over Rocco’s leg. If I was going to do this, I was going to be all in. If we only had tonight, I was going to make it worth it.

			“I can barely think from wanting you in my bed already.” Rocco’s voice was tight with need, and, fuck, he was hot. I looked up and saw that we were almost to his garage. The anticipation of having him to myself was like boiling water bubbling under my skin.

			“We’re almost there.” I sounded dazed and I could feel the pulsing between my legs, aching already for what I knew Rocco would give me.

			Rocco ran a finger along my thigh, as the tension in the car built. “I can’t wait to suck on your tits. Get you nice and wet for my dick. I want in you, so bad.”

			Damn, but he was a dirty bastard.

			“Fuck.” I groaned as I spread my legs and, without taking his eyes of the road, he placed his hand right on top of my sex.

			“You’re so hot for me.” He was growling more than talking and I felt each of his words unspooling every doubt I’d had about doing this. “I’m going to make a three-course meal out of you. Sit you on my face and make you scream until you’re hoarse.”

			His hand was taking turns between pinching my nipple and sliding down to rub on my clit. I was panting and literally seeing spots from holding my breath.

			“Tell me what you like.”

			I didn’t even know where to start, but I’d never had a problem with saying what I wanted and I wasn’t going to be shy now.

			“I want you to make me come with your tongue, I want to ride your face, and then...”

			I reached over and grabbed his dick hard, because two could play at this motherfucking game. “We’ll see who gives better head.”

			“We’re almost there.” I grinned at the edge of desperation in his voice and ran my hand over his erection one more time, as he brought his hands back to the steering wheel.

			“I need to keep both hands on this wheel before I pull over and take you right here.”

			“You do that, Rocco.” I could be smug too. He wanted to play. We’d play.

			By the time we finally came to a stop and he powered off the car, I was halfway on his lap and taking his seat belt off.

			He pushed the seat back and had both hands on my ass and his tongue in my mouth in two seconds flat.

			“I can smell you.” He sucked in his teeth, nostrils flaring, as he got a good grip on the hair at the nape of my neck. His hips thrusting hard into me, and fuck he was rubbing me just right. I was going to come in this damn parking lot. “I had to jerk off in the gym on Friday because I still had you on my hands. Fuck, I want to tongue you for hours. Can I put my teeth on your nipples?”

			Oh, shit.

			I nodded, just as he was pushing up my sweater and pulling back the sheer lace of my bra. He flicked his tongue softly around the areola, and grazed his teeth on the tight nub. He had one hand on a breast and the other pulling on my hair just hard enough to make more wetness gather at my core.

			Once this man had full access to my body, he was going to wreck me forever. I already knew.

			He played with my breasts for another minute while I desperately tried to get some friction going on in the groin areas.

			After one last long pull of my nipple, he gently kissed it and then put my bra back and sweater back into place, our eyes locked together the whole time.

			“We need to go up, because I can’t see in here and I want to have good lighting and space. I want to get you sweaty, Julia.”

			“But I’m already dripping.” I could be dirty too.

			He just smirked and pushed his door open. “Let’s go.”



* * *



			The ride on the elevator was...interesting. But we managed to get into his apartment mostly clothed. I was now gloriously naked in his bed watching him undress for me.

			I was on fire for him, my skin tingling from how turned on I was. And I was having a hard time deciding where to look. My eyes roaming all over that hard body. Rocco’s idea of fun was torturing me by taking off each piece of clothing excruciatingly slow. Socks, slacks fluttered to the ground, and his eyes fixed on mine, those baby blues burning me up.

			“You see something you like, Ms. Ortiz?”

			I didn’t answer, just bit my lip, dipped my hand into my sex, and moaned.

			“Fuck.” It was like someone tasered him on the neck. He feverishly grabbed the hem of his shirt and then I remembered what was under there.

			“Stop.”

			He froze with his sweater halfway up his torso, revealing hard abs and tanned skin.

			“Turn around. I want to see your tattoo.”

			He considered me for a second and a predatory smiled followed. “You like my back piece?”

			I didn’t answer, just pushed off the bed and walked around him. He was tossing the sweater and T-shirt to the floor right as I got to him. I stood behind him, my fingers running over the Manhattan skyline etched on his skin. He sucked his teeth when I pressed my lips to a spot between his shoulder blades and nipped on his skin.

			“Ah.”

			I pulled away and ran my hands over it. Admiring. “I love this,” I said, as I kissed his back and shoulders. Teasing out more shivers. The energy had shifted now from the fever in the car to something more languid but no less intense.

			I pressed my front to his back and we breathed like that for a minute, my breasts against him, our bodies touching everywhere.

			When he turned around, he kissed me long and deep and I felt it in my core. Every touch from Rocco unfurled a new need in me. A more pointed desire.

			When he pulled back and I was breathing hard again, he brought one hand down and ran the pads of his fingers over my clit.

			I hissed and he smiled wickedly. “This is mine now.”

			I nodded, because nothing would make me happier right now than for him to own every inch of my body. “Yes.”

			He picked me up, and in a swift motion I was on the bed again. He ran his hands over my hips and ass as he looked at me.

			“You’re so soft everywhere,” he said, in a shuddered breath, as his hands spread my thighs. Once he could fit his wide shoulders in between them, he sank into the bed. I leaned back, propped on my elbows to look at him. His black hair was disheveled and his face a study in concentration as his big hands and body worked to get me right where he wanted to be.

			It was a hell of a thing to be the object of Rocco Quinn’s focus.

			I was strong from running and yoga, but I was not hard, the contrast of my brown skin and soft thighs accommodating all the sinew that was his body made me a little breathless. We made perfect sense together. And that was not where I wanted my head to go. So I focused back on him.

			He dipped his head and brushed his lips over my sex, then he pressed his nose to my mons, inhaling.

			“I’m obsessed with your smell.”

			I exhaled, feeling addled by how rough his voice sounded. The thought of him wanting my smell on him igniting a fire in my belly. I always thought it was too intense, not easy to wash away, but it seemed Rocco couldn’t get enough of it.

			“Doesn’t it bother you?”

			My voice sounded hoarse, like I’d been screaming. He shook his head again, rubbing against me, this time using his fingers to open me up, just a little, enough to expose my clit, which was aching for him. He stuck the tip of his tongue out and the throbbing between my legs was almost unbearable.

			“No, I love it. I want to tongue you until you’re everything I can taste.”

			He licked into it just a little and then ran the pad of his thumb over it, and my entire body throbbed. I wanted him to fuck me now, but I knew if I waited, if I let him use that mouth on me, it was going to be so worth it.

			“Would you hold your legs open for me, Julia?”

			I nodded and brought my knees up. As I glanced down I saw my chest heaving. I was panting for him.

			He looked up and, almost as if he couldn’t help himself, he quickly lunged and sucked a nipple into his mouth, worrying it with his teeth as he played with my clit with one hand.

			“I love your tits.” He closed his eyes and his hand disappeared under himself. I wanted him inside me, more than I wanted anything else.

			“Come on, Rocco, don’t make me wait.” He bent down, clearly not playing anymore. His tongue lapped hard at me, the tip flicking my clit over and over while he slipped two fingers in me, pressing into that bundle of nerves that made my skin crackle.

			A long-tortured moan escaped my lips from the sensation. I rolled my head, trying to clear some of the fog his tongue and hands had me in. He used his fingers to spread my inner lips and tapped three fingers right against my engorged clit, soft little slaps that made me scream from how good it was. “Rocco.” I could hardly recognize my own voice, but he was working in earnest now.

			I sat up, gritting my teeth to a particularly delicious thing he was doing with his tongue. I grabbed his hair, raising his head so I could look at him. His blue eyes told me he knew exactly what he was doing to me, and when he ran his tongue over his bottom lip, like he’d just tasted the most delicious thing ever, I almost came.

			I gripped his hair tighter, and panted out, “It’s good to know you can use that tongue for more than running your mouth.”

			He just smirked and went right back in. When he sucked on my clit and reached over to tug on my nipple, I gave up. He was going to make me come harder than I ever had in my life, and I was done fighting.

			“Rocco.”

			He alternated between tongue and fingers with a relentless pressure that soon had my stomach turning into molten liquid and my legs shaking hard.

			“I’m coming.” That was his cue to redouble his efforts, and I was lost to the orgasm.

			“Ohhhhhh fuck that’s good.” My vision whited out as waves of pleasure crashed into me.

			He gently licked me through it and surged back up to tongue into my mouth.

			“Damn, Rocco Quinn, you can sure as fuck deliver on what you promise. I can’t feel my legs.” He laughed and moved so he could keep playing with my breasts. I pressed my hand to his erection and tightened it.

			“When are you going to let me have this?”

			He sucked his teeth and looked at me like he wasn’t sure I could handle what he was going to give me.

			“You want it?”

			I circled his dick with my fingers tight, and then tugged on his balls. “Right now.”

			He moved quickly and in no time had a condom on and I had to pause for a minute to take it all in. This man was hot and hungry. He looked like he could eat me alive, and I wanted to be devoured.

			“You make me want so many things, Julia.” He had his arms one on each side of my head. All over me. All I could see was Rocco. It was too much and not nearly enough.

			“I want you.” That didn’t do justice to what I was feeling. Not even close. I wanted to say that this felt big, that being here with him was going to change things. But my body, my head, and my heart couldn’t cope with everything that was happening, so I focused on the one thing that was imminent.

			As if he needed me to get back in the game, Rocco brought his hand down to his cock and rubbed it hard to my clit, making me moan again.

			When he asked, “Can I?” I nodded hard.

			“Please.”

			He entered me slow and careful. I could feel the tension in his body, the way he kept from going in hard. He gathered me to him and moved his hips in a tight grind that was making me dizzy, and soon I was moving with him, thrusting up as he pushed in until he was all the way inside.

			“You feel amazing.” He was winded, his body practically vibrating with need.

			I was full to the brim, enveloped in him, and it felt pretty fucking perfect. “You do too.”

			After that I pushed my knees up and he was even deeper, so deep. I could feel him in my throat. He kissed me hard as he surged into me, and I was already feeling like I’d come again. He pistoned in and out of me, that big cock hitting every nerve deliciously. But when he licked his thumb and started circling my clit, I was done.

			In my own fog, I heard him groan as his hips thrust in harder a couple more times, and an agonized, “Fuck, Julia,” came out of his mouth.

			He slumped over me and kissed me hard as we both got our bearings. After a minute, he reached over and grabbed a small towel that he’d placed there at some point, got his condom off, and cleaned us both up.

			I still was trying to figure out what to say, knowing reality would come knocking at some point, and I didn’t want to shatter this moment. Rocco was bolder than me and said what I didn’t want to admit just yet.

			“There’s no way we’re not doing this again.”

			I groaned, my head still spinning. Every muscle in my body had turned to water, but I couldn’t disagree. This was definitely happening again.





Chapter Twenty-Five


			Rocco

			“Rocco, you’re here. I thought I’d missed you.”

			I sighed internally and raised my eyes from the monitor screen to find Sturm’s CFO smiling down on me. It was all I could do to keep a grunt from escaping my mouth. Phil’s shitty superpower seemed to be showing up in people’s office right at the moment they were about to head home.

			“How can I help you, Phil? I only have like ten minutes. I’m catching a flight to New York tonight.” As soon as I said it, the apprehension I’d been fending off all day came back in full force. Even though I’d booked this trip home before I ever left New York, I was not feeling it. I’d almost backed out like ten times, but Julia was there already and I figured if shit got real bad, I could at least hang out with her.

			Actually, she’d promised me we would. A warmth spread through my chest, thinking about the morning we’d had together the day she left. I’d woken her up with kisses and fresh coffee. After breakfast we’d gone for a run together and when we got home we’d made love for hours. These last few weeks together had been some of the best in my life. After that first night, it was like something had been unlocked and we couldn’t stay away from each other.

			I was obsessed with her body—and never hesitated to show her just how much—and she had no qualms about telling me exactly how she wanted me. I could talk dirty with the best of them, but holy fuck, I’d never been with a woman who just told me what she liked and screamed out her pleasure like Julia. If she was into what I was doing, she told me and she held nothing back. I could almost hear her hoarse voice when she moaned my name, telling me my tongue fucked her so good.

			I sucked my teeth at the memory, just as Phil cleared his throat. “You coming down with something, Rocco?”

			Oh, God.

			I was having visions about going down on Julia while my boss was in the room. I tried for a smile, but gave up and just shook my head. “I’m fine, Phil. What can I do for you?”

			As soon as he flashed those shark teeth, I knew whatever he came to my office for would be some BS that would further sink my mood.

			“I just wanted to confirm that the board plans to meet between Christmas and New Year’s to decide on a few things.” He sounded elated, which confirmed that he was up to no good, again. “Duke and I will push hard on rolling back the foundation expenses, at least temporarily.” I wondered what it took to get a person to be this soulless. “You know, until the IPO is done.”

			From that creepy-as-fuck smile he was flashing me, I knew this was no temporary anything. Once that foundation funding was gone, it was never coming back.

			I almost said something, but I kept my mouth shut. I did not need to antagonize this jackass.

			“I don’t know what that has to do with me, Phil. I don’t have a vote with the board.”

			With his dumbass grin still on his face, Phil went to close the door to my office and sauntered back to my desk.

			“You have more than a vote—the board is waiting on your say on how to proceed. Davidson’s was hired to give us a green light for the IPO and I am counting on you to deliver it to the board.”

			I swallowed hard, because I didn’t know if I could live with myself knowing it would probably mean giving up so much of what made Sturm’s great, not that this asshole cared.

			“The Twins have the romantic idea that the Sturm’s mission is to cater to the wealthy in order to give back to the community. And that bleeding-heart shit may work when you’re a family operation, but when we go public that just won’t cut it.”

			I made sure I blinked, but it was hard.

			Phil knew very well I’d taken all this into consideration for my report to the board, but that wasn’t enough. He wanted me to be his and Duke’s mouthpiece.

			The foundation’s programs deserved the financial support; there was no doubt in my mind that the bonuses for executives was where the cuts needed to come from. It wasn’t even about Julia and her job either. It was about doing the right thing, and that knowledge put me in a very difficult position. I glanced at Phil, who was standing in my office in his four-thousand-dollar suit, and I really wanted to throat punch him.

			I thought about how much I’d worked for the last five years, the extra hours, the sacrifices I’d made, so that I could get a shot at a promotion. All of that was riding on this one job. If I went against Phil and recommended they continue to fund the social justice programs, the IPO would be in jeopardy, and in Phil’s mind I’d basically fail to accomplish what I’d come to Dallas to do. He would not be happy, and he would let my boss know.

			I felt a chill run through my body, thinking about the consequences of me going against this asshole. He had a predatory smile on his lips as we stood there in silence. We both knew what was at stake for me.

			I wanted to be reckless and tell him I was going to tell the board to do the right thing, but I couldn’t do that. The impotence I felt in that moment was strong enough to make me want to sob. I thought of Julia’s excitement whenever she told me of some new thing they were doing in the program or her joy at one of the kids hitting a milestone. Of all the things they were doing to help the community. You couldn’t put a number on that; I knew the difference a person caring about my future had made in my life. Phil couldn’t care less about any of that.

			My phone buzzed on my desk and it finally broke the stare-off Phil and I had been in for the past few minutes.

			It was from my sister.

			Can’t wait until I see you. I can’t promise Mom and Dad are going to behave, but Blue and I missed you so much!

			I grabbed the phone as I looked at Phil. “I’m sorry, I have to take this. Have a good holiday.”

			He nodded and left without saying a word. We both knew this had not been a courtesy call, and I was too fucking tired to pretend. When I tapped on the screen, I saw Sofia had added a photo.

			There was a picture of Blue in her little cowboy boots and holding a sign that said “I love you, Uncle Rocco.”

			I closed my eyes and felt the tension gripping my skull. What was I going to do? If I went against Phil, even if it was the right thing to do, I’d seriously jeopardize my plans. If I did what Phil wanted, I’d have a hand in shutting down a program that helped a lot of people probably for good.

			I felt desperate and helpless, and the only thing I wanted was Julia. I grabbed my jacket, my duffel, and the carry-on I’d brought to the office as I headed out. I was planning to be there for three nights. A short trip, but with my family, it was more than enough.



* * *



			As I got into my car and headed to the airport, I thought about where my life had been when I got to Dallas and where it was now. I’d left New York content to focus on my sister, keeping my own life and happiness on hold.

			Now, as I drove through familiar streets, headed to the East Coast, Dallas felt more like home than New York had felt in a very long time. This place had become comforting in ways that no place had ever been. I loved New York, but I’d always felt a little lost there, like I could disappear and it would take days, maybe weeks, for anyone to notice. Here I would be missed. The twins, the Exiles, Julia—they would notice I was gone within hours, they’d miss me, they’d look for me, and if necessary they’d take care of me.

			A call from Julia came in through the Bluetooth, tearing me away from my thoughts.

			“Muñeca. Como estas?” I smiled as I called her baby doll, which in Spanish was a term of endearment. She grumbled on the phone, and I laughed. She always complained when I called her that, yet she never failed to melt in my arms, even as she griped.

			“One of these days, I’m going to forbid you from calling me that. I hate you for making me like it.”

			“Sorry.”

			She scoffed at the obvious lack of remorse in my voice. “You’re not even a little sorry, you smug bastard.”

			I did laugh at that. “How’s la familia? Are Pura and Yolanda getting on your nerves yet?” I smiled, thinking of the two women. Since dinner with them on Thanksgiving, it seemed like every time Julia called home either Mami or Abuela made a point of asking about me. I wasn’t sure how much they knew about what had been going on with me and Julia. Fuck, I didn’t know for sure myself. But anytime they called and I was around they’d insist I get on the phone to say hello. I wasn’t going to lie, it was pretty heartwarming, even though I knew they drove poor Julia up the wall sometimes.

			She exhaled in answer to my question, and I heard rumbling like she was shutting a door. “I love them, but they are a lot. I forget how much I regress when I’m home. I’ve been here for three days, and as much as I’m happy to be home, I turn into a petty adolescent when I’m around my mother.” She sighed, but when she spoke again she sounded lighter.

			“I shouldn’t complain too much. Overall it’s been good to visit. And I get to see you soon.”

			“I’ve missed you. Can’t wait to get you alone. I’ve been jerking off to the panties you left in my bed.”

			“Rocco,” she yelped and I grunted, imagining her flushed and little off-kilter. “I’m in my parents’ house. Phone sex is out of the question.” She sounded more delighted than distressed, but I’d cut her a break.

			“But you love being home, right?”

			The perverse selfish part of me wished she said that she loved being in New York. That she didn’t miss Dallas and our friends or our neighborhood and the restaurants we’d discovered and loved. Because that way she would come back to New York and maybe that way I could have her.

			But Julia had fought like hell to make a life in Dallas, and wishing that all that fell apart would make me a real monster. And I’d be lying too. I’d miss our friends and our spots. I’d miss her and who she was here.

			“You still there, babe?”

			“Yeah, sorry.”

			“I can imagine. Anyway, it’s nice to see my family and Alba.” She groaned again. “I feel so ungrateful, because they are so happy to have me here, and it is cool to be in town. But—”

			She paused for a moment, like she was unsure of how to say what she was feeling, and I held my breath for a second.

			Why was I doing this to myself?

			“But what, muñeca?”

			She chuckled ruefully. “I don’t know, I guess I miss Dallas, I miss you and the crew.”

			It was like a punch in the gut, because I knew all of this would be taken away. If I did what Phil wanted me to, I’d lose her. If I didn’t and fucked myself over, I’d be out of a job and back in New York, scrambling to help my sister. No matter what I did, this little bubble of happiness I’d been in would burst. But something in me still wanted to fight to keep it, to keep her.

			“Maybe it’s just that you need your space. That you’ve gotten used to having your own place.”

			She exhaled again and then muttered an apprehensive maybe, and I wondered if I’d missed a chance. If I should’ve told her that I hadn’t been able to sleep the last few nights, because she wasn’t in my bed. That in the three weeks since we’d been doing this, whatever it was, she’d burrowed into my heart and I had no clue how I was going to walk away.

			“Rocco, are you there?”

			I snapped back to attention and realized I must have zoned out again. “I’m here. Navigating traffic, that’s all. I’m almost at the airport.”

			“Did you get Miss Pulga settled?”

			I smiled at the mention of my tiny roommate. “Yeah, José’s dogsitter will go by my place once a day to check on her and leave her some food.”

			It’d been so easy to find help. To call José and ask him what he did with his dogs. I had people now I never thought I’d have. The idea of losing it all in just a few weeks felt like an anvil on my chest.

			“That’s good. José really likes her.” Another pause. “Are you feeling okay about seeing your folks?”

			With as little as I’d shared about my family, she still knew to ask.

			“It is what it is. I’m looking forward to seeing Sofia and Blue.” Thinking about my sister did make having to deal with my parents seem less daunting. “Yeah, I can’t wait to see her open her gifts. I had to bring my gym duffel with me because I got a little carried away with presents for both of them.”

			“You’re such a good brother, Rocco.”

			“I feel like it’s all too little too late.” I scoffed, thinking of those years when I’d been at Columbia and barely made time to see Sofia.

			I heard her click her tongue on the other end of the line. “Baby, no. You were doing what you needed to survive. To make your own way. It was not on you. No matter how much you felt that responsibility, it wasn’t yours. You’re a good man, and I know how grateful your sister must be for you.”

			“I’m not so great, but I can buy them a few presents.”

			“You’re too hard on yourself, papi.”

			There it was. That word. She seldom used it, but when she did my dick went hard as a rock and it was all I could do not to beat my chest like a fucking caveman. I lowered my voice when I spoke. “You know I get a little wild when you call me that. How am I supposed to get through an airport thinking about how you moan that in my ear, when I’m inside—”

			“Rocco, stop. My grandmother is literally five feet from my bedroom door.” I would take her a little more seriously if I didn’t hear the heat in her voice.

			“Are you still coming over for dinner day after tomorrow?”

			I wanted to say more sexy shit, get her more revved up, but I had to go.

			“Yeah, that’s the plan. Are you staying over at my hotel one of the nights I’m there?” I sounded extremely desperate, but at the moment I was more concerned with luring her to my hotel. I’d always been disconnected from the women I casually dated. I liked them well enough, wanted them too, but I never felt a need for more. With Julia I could not get enough.

			“My parents are going to ask a million questions if I do, and I’m not sure I have the bandwidth to explain what we’re doing.”

			I almost asked her if she could enlighten me, because the more we were together, the less I knew how I was supposed to go back to New York and leave her in Dallas.

			“Okay, I get that. I still want to see you though.” I growled that out because even if I was confused about a lot of things, wanting Julia was not one of them.

			“I want to see you too. Text me when you get in.” There it was again, us doing things that were not at all what people did when they were just hooking up.

			“I will. Say hi to your family for me, okay?”

			“Okay, papi.” I could tell she was smiling as she said it.

			“Why do you torture me?”

			“It’s not torture if you like it.”

			I chuckled at her smart-assness, “Touché, talk soon.”

			I ended the call and headed for the terminal. I’d been a ball of nerves before Julia’s call and would probably get myself riled up by the time I landed in LaGuardia. But I could not deny that her presence felt like everything I needed.





Chapter Twenty-Six


			Julia

			“Well you look relaxed and...flushed?” Alba said, before tapping my shoulder. “Move over, we can’t fit in this bed like we used to.” We maneuvered for a few seconds until we were both sitting up on my bed like we’d done so many times over the years.

			I looked over at my friend, her brown skin so similar to mine, her black afro big, like a big fluffy halo around her head.

			“Albita, that dress looks so good on you.” She was wearing a cobalt-blue wrap dress I’d brought for her that accentuated all her curves. “The colors are gorgeous, friend.” Alba preened as I admired her outfit. My friend was the epitome of body positive. She gave no fucks about what anyone thought about her size and what she looked like. Which made her that much more beautiful.

			“Thanks for the gift, babe. I feel so fancy. I’m loving this designer. Yours is gorg too,” she said, gesturing to my red empire dress. Christmas Eve dinner at a Dominican/Puerto Rican household was no joke. No one other than our family and Alba’s was going to be here, but I still had to look like we were going to dinner at the Waldorf.

			Alba stared at me a little longer than what was comfortable and then brought her gaze down to my phone, which I was still clutching to my chest.

			“You look happy, friend. You’re glowing a little bit.” She pursed her lips, her dark brown eyes staring at me over her red-framed glasses. “How’s the job and the new friends? You’ve barely talked about Dallas at all.”

			I lifted a shoulder and pocketed my phone in case another text from Rocco showed up. He’d developed this new thing where he sent me super NSFW messages. My face felt hot thinking about the dozens of messages where he detailed the many ways he was going to use his tongue and his teeth on my body.

			“Yoooooo. That’s pretty damn close to an O face you’re making there, Julia del Mar... What are you getting up to down South?”

			“What?” Acting dumb was not going to help in the slightest, so I pivoted. “So Vicki is still highly problematic and I’m not sure how I’m going to deal with her.”

			Alba’s eye roll let me know she was well aware of my tactics but she settled into the bed and turned so she could face me. “Okay, I’ll bite. What’d she do now?”

			“She’s still being super inappropriate with the clients.”

			“You look spooked, babe. What’s going on?”

			“Just thinking of worst-case scenarios, which honestly are all plausible. It’s just a matter of time before she brings the entire foundation down with her. My boss, Gail, promised me she’d take care of it, but we need Vicki and her connections. It’s extremely fucked up that she can get away with being this unprofessional.”

			“Good thing that you don’t need to stick around if shit hits the fan.” She sounded flippant, but I knew she was trying to goad me into admitting I was staying put in Dallas.

			I gave her the side-eye she was after and took my phone out again to check if Rocco had texted me...because I was obsessed with him. Instead there was a message from Tariq on the Exiles chat.

			Tariq: Feliz Nochebuena, Exiliados. Rocco too, since you speak Spanish and it’s too late to exchange you for a Latinx dude! JK We’ll keep you. Mad Love from Houston.

			He sent a photo of himself smiling wide in a hideous Christmas sweater that looked amazing contrasted against his ebony skin. Also noteworthy? None other than José was in the picture, and he looked ecstatic to be there.

			From my side, Alba whistled. “Dayum, you didn’t say your Dallas friends were that hot. Fuuuuuck. I’d put up with some shit for that.” She circled her finger over Tariq’s face on the screen.

			I chuckled and shook my head as I tapped a response. “Sorry, Tariq plays exclusively for Team Gay.” I cracked up at her devastated expression. “Actually, he seems to have a serious crush on José.”

			She nodded. “Don’t blame him, he’s gorgeous too. Speaking of hot and geographically convenient... How’s Rocco Fucking Quinn? I know you’re avoiding talking about him with me. And don’t think I don’t know you two are fucking. Your neck’s all red.”

			I balked at that. “I do not blush.” I pointed at my face. “I am brown.”

			She shook her head like I was a lost cause. “You’re light-skinned is what you are and you’re avoiding talking about this dude. I mean, come on. He’s single, has a super-good job, and is thirsting after your ass. If you’re not fucking him, then I don’t know if our friendship means anything.”

			“Good Lord, you’re a lot.” I held up a hand, about to say something dismissive or that gave levity to what Rocco and I were doing, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t make it less. I could not make him less than what he was to me, than what he’d become.

			I closed my eyes and held my breath, just for a second, before letting it out. I felt Alba’s hand on my shoulder, but she didn’t speak. If anyone knew the turmoil I was in over this, it was my best friend.

			“I like him, Alba. A lot. He’s—”

			Her usually flinty eyes were soft and kind when I looked at her.

			“He’s so good to me. In bed and outside of it, we just fit, but I can’t derail my life again. Not this soon. It hasn’t even been a full year. I can’t throw myself into another guy and change course. I can’t do it. I wasted too much time on Matt.”

			Alba’s face hardened at the mention of my ex.

			“I’m not going to push on this right now because I know we’re about to go to dinner, and you don’t need to look like someone died when we go out to hang with your fam. But we need to talk about this before you go back, Julia. I don’t think reconsidering or adjusting your plan is ‘derailing your life for a man,’ babe. I really don’t.”

			I hiked an eyebrow up, “Would you do it?”

			She smiled ruefully at me, because she knew I had her there. Alba’s MO was “hit it and quit it,” so she was not the one to talk about commitment. “A, you’re not me. B, you can’t go by what I’d do. I’m a heartless bitch who will probably die alone.”

			“I had a first-row seat to seeing you help raise your three sisters, so spare me your heartlessness. I know you’re full of shit.”

			We both laughed at that and I tried to change the subject, again.

			“I talked to Judith yesterday. We met for coffee.” Judith had been my supervisor at my old job.

			Alba lifted an eyebrow, as if asking why she should care. I loved her but she could be such a bitch. “You’re so fucking salty, all the time.”

			“Why is this news? You guys always got along really well, so having coffee with her is not exactly breaking news.”

			I threw my hands up. “Fine. Oh my God. She told me I could have my job back.” I shrugged, still not sure how I felt about this possibility. “The person they hired ended up relocating when his spouse got a job on the West Coast, so they’re just going to have a couple of people fill in for the rest of the school year and do a search in May.”

			And the possibility of being here, close to Rocco, was appealing, but right underneath was the fact that I wanted to stay in Dallas. Fuck, I wasn’t even sure if going back to New York was right for him either, but I couldn’t come up with a whole new life plan for the two of us. No, I would not play myself like that. Not again.

			“Uh-huh.” Alba’s tone was a perfect match to my level of enthusiasm. “Julia, you can do long distance. You can ask him if he wants to move there for you. There are other options, and you voicing them to him, asking for what you want, isn’t unreasonable or needy.”

			But Rocco had never expressed he wanted that. No, from the get-go his one goal was to get his sister settled in the New York City suburbs. The idea of baring my soul to him, asking him to stay in Dallas for me, was terrifying—almost as terrifying as things ending between us.

			“I don’t want to be the pathetic girlfriend who gets left behind again. Or worse, the one that’s not worth a change of plans.”

			Alba sat up then and hugged me tight. Her voice was fierce when she whispered in my ear. “Stop that shit. You have never been pathetic. Your ex is just a scrub who never deserved you and I hope that chick wised up and is cheating on him with half his firm as we speak.”

			I laughed at that and then sighed, sinking into my friend’s strong embrace.

			“If Rocco is any kind of man, he’ll know that you’re not only worth keeping, he’ll know you’re worth sacrificing everything for. Hell, I’d snatch you up if I didn’t know how gross you get when you have a cold.”

			I let go and shoved her gently. “Stop making me laugh.”

			“Dude, I’m still not fully recovered from when you used old shirts for tissues that time.” She shuddered and touched my face. “Lita, you need to be where you’re happy. New York will always be here if you want to come back. And those of us who can’t live without your whiny ass will always be there no matter where you go, babe.”

			I nodded, still laughing as I slid off the bed. “Thanks, Albita.”

			As we left the room and made our way downstairs, I considered Alba’s words. The problem was my dream job was in Dallas and my dream man was going back to New York. No matter what I chose, I would end up missing something that right now felt essential.

			Rocco

			I stood at the entrance to my parents’ house and felt like my bones were trying to shrink themselves. Like they knew that to survive the next few hours without losing my temper, I’d have to make myself invisible. It was a rainy and gloomy Christmas Day, no snow, but overcast. I looked around the porch of their little single-family and it made me so fucking sad. The front door was chipped and there was a piece of plywood nailed to the bottom covering up a hole. The yard was scraggly and overgrown. Nothing about this place seemed inviting or warm.

			It never had been.

			I shuddered at the idea of my little niece trying to play in this place, growing up around my parents and their drinking. I heard her voice inside calling for Sofia, such a happy noise in all this desolation. I rang the bell, determined to make it through this dinner and help make it a good Christmas for Blue and my sister.

			After a moment, the door opened and my father stood in the dim light. His face so much like mine, same chin and nose. His hair a shade lighter and now streaked with gray, but still so similar. I was always surprised to find that he was still imposing, even with all the years of hard drinking and the ever-present bitterness he carried around.

			“Pop.”

			His face hardened at my greeting. “I thought you wouldn’t show. That you sent your fancy catering and wouldn’t even bother coming to see your mother.”

			Just his voice made my pulse race. I tried hard to relax. Remember that I could not control what my father did, but I could choose how I reacted to him.

			I smiled and lifted a shopping bag with the things I’d brought for everyone. “Merry Christmas. I brought Mom’s cookies.”

			He blinked, not sure how to react to my not taking the bait. I was not going to push my way into the house, so we were just standing there staring at each other when Sofia came up to the door, carrying Blue in her arms. My niece was dressed in one of the cute dresses Julia helped me pick out for her.

			“Rocco! You’re here.” She waved her hand and looked at our father, who was still not moving. “Come in.”

			I walked inside with Blue perched on my arm and saw my mother in her usual spot in front of the TV. She was dressed in a red pantsuit and her hair was combed back into a bun. She even had some makeup on, but she looked old.

			“Ma.” She looked up at me and her eyes were glassy, not completely focused. I noticed she was gripping a glass of what looked like ginger ale, but was most likely a Seven and Seven.

			“Rocco, you’re here.” I put the baby down on a blanket that was covered with some toys and took my parka off before going over to give her a hug. She smelled like cigarettes, but also like the lavender lotion she always used. I closed my eyes and felt her skinny frame. My mother had a tough life, I knew that. But I could only be responsible for my own life. I could no longer take on my mother and father’s choices. I didn’t even have it in me to judge her.

			“It’s good to see you, Ma,” I said, trying to genuinely smile for her. Show her I could still see all of her, not just what was left after forty years of surviving my father’s anger.

			“You too, baby. It was so nice of you to get dinner.” She rolled her eyes and waved a hand around the living room. “I don’t know what I’d do without you two. Sofia came and cleaned today and you got dinner. My kids turned out good despite everything.” The regret in her voice just then, that’s what kept me tethered to this place.

			My father walked into the kitchen, and from the living room I could see him preparing another drink for himself from the handle of Seagram’s he had on the counter. I bet he’d opened that this morning and it was almost half-empty.

			“Quit acting like he did some big thing, Marie. He pressed three buttons on that phone of his. Least he could do is pay for a meal, since he doesn’t do a damn thing to help us otherwise.”

			My shoulders tensed, but I ignored my father’s taunts. This was what he did—as soon as I walked through that door, everything out of his mouth was intended to get a rise out of me.

			Sofia walked by my father, her hands full with a pan of lasagna. “Leave him alone, Billy. Rocco’s a good brother and a great uncle to Blue.”

			His eyes were practically slits as he looked at me from the kitchen sucking on his drink. Sofia came back from the dining room and sat on the couch next to me. She reached over to tap our mother on the leg. “Ma, did you see what Rocco brought you?” she asked, pulling out the Italian wedding cookies I’d gotten for her.

			My mother took her eyes off the TV for a minute and focused on the box, then looked at me. “You got my cookies.” She turned her head toward where my dad was standing. “Did you see that, Billy? Rocco got the cookies, from Joe’s. My son always takes care of me.” That was a jab at my dad, and one he would not take well.

			He walked out of the kitchen, a drink in each hand, primed for a fight with my mom, but making sure he gave her a drink first. Had to make sure she was plastered all day, so he could point at her whenever anyone mentioned his drinking.

			He bypassed Blue, who was sitting on a blanket playing a game on the iPad I’d gotten her for her birthday. Her red-and-green dress and cute tight curls, so dissonant with the drab and depressing room.

			“He takes care of you?” my father asked, pointing a finger at me after he’d handed my mom her fresh drink. “He doesn’t give a shit about you. He’s looking for a way to get himself and his sister as far away from you as possible.” He scoffed at my mother’s crestfallen face.

			“He’s ashamed of us. Thinks we’re ‘bad for the baby.’ Fucking nerve. Who do you think put up with this one?” He waved a hand at my sister, who was again on the move setting up the table and avoiding eye contact with my father at all costs. “Huh? Who dealt with her when she was whoring around and skipping school?”

			I stood up, ready to tell him that if Sofia was running the streets and acting out it was because she couldn’t cope with this house and their bullshit, but like always, my sister put herself right in between my father and me.

			“Food’s ready. Let’s eat.” She put her hand on my shoulder and looked over at the baby, who was eerily unbothered by the screaming adults in the room. “Rocco, why don’t you help me get Blue settled in her booster seat. There are bibs in the bag by the door.” She smiled affectionately at her little girl, but the point was made. We were going to act like everything was fine to get through this meal.

			“If not she’ll get red gravy all over her new dress. Right, baby?” She walked over to Blue and picked her up. Walking away from my father and me like a zoo trainer trying to distract two tigers from ripping each other’s throats out.

			She came back and handed me the baby, while she got busy coaxing my mom out of the chair. My father just stood there seething. Waiting for any excuse to lunge.

			I got Blue buckled in her seat and carried out a pitcher of water from the kitchen while Sofia helped my mom to the table. My stomach turned as I watched her stumble around in the living room, drunk and disoriented. I closed my eyes, feeling sick. I hated that being around my family made me so miserable. I fucking hated that my father was right. I was embarrassed that this was what our family holidays were like. I thought about Thanksgiving dinner and being with Julia’s family. Being here now, with my stomach tight with tension. Every muscle in my body prepared to fight or run.

			As we sat down, Sofia made a big deal about saying grace and I just went with it. Hoping we’d get through this meal without one of my father’s explosions.

			“This looks so good, Rocco. I can’t believe you got it from Triangolo. You know I love the pasta with the frutti di mare and the branzino for the Seven Fishes.” For the first time since I’d gotten here, I saw my mom’s smile. She looked so pleased with the food. “And the antipasti. Sofia baby, give me some of the sopressata, the spicy one.” She reached over and touched my cheek. “You got all your mama’s favorites, Rocco.”

			“I’m glad you like it, Ma.” I looked over at my dad and he was back to staring at me from narrowed eyes, hand gripping his drink.

			As we passed platters around, I tried to work past the knot in my throat and put some food on my plate.

			“How was breakfast, Rocco? Did you go to that place you like with the Britos?” As soon as the words were out of Sofia’s mouth, I knew there would be trouble. My dad immediately leaned forward in his chair, sucking his teeth.

			“Oh, you went and saw ‘The Coach’ first. Figures, we would be sloppy seconds.” He turned to my mother. “Aren’t you glad your son made time for you after he was done kissing up to that meddling jerk-off?”

			Sofia looked at me, an “I’m sorry” written all over her face. I shook my head and said nothing as my father ran his mouth.

			Looking a little more sober after eating some food, my mother just shook her head at my father. “Leave him alone, Billy. He doesn’t kiss anyone’s ass; the Britos love Rocco, and they did a lot for him.” Her face looked pained and in that moment I could read in her face all the regret that my mother numbed herself from with alcohol and pills.

			“They did a lot more for him than we ever did.” She touched my hand and gave me another watery smile. “Look at him. He’s such a good man. Successful, a consultant.”

			My father just scoffed and took another gulp out of his drink. “He’s ungrateful is what he is.”

			I almost stood up then, my heart beating out of my chest, and I could feel the beads of sweat on my back. I knew what this was. I knew it was my old response to my father’s anger. Fear and the need to protect myself, my mother, and my sister from his hateful words.

			He never hit, my father. He didn’t need to—he could cut us all down to shreds without lifting a finger.

			He looked at me, and I could see he wanted me to lose my temper, to lunge at him so he could tell me how much like him I was. Not today.

			The tension in the room was palpable. Even Blue, who until now had seemed oblivious to the tension, started fussing. She was thrashing in her chair as Sofia tried to coax her to eat some of the food on her plate. When Sofia tried to give her a bite of chicken, she kicked hard, knocking a glass of soda off the table. The sound of shattering glass was like a gunshot. For a second we all sat there in silence and then my father stood up roaring.

			“We can’t even have a meal in peace in this house. I have to sit here and let my ‘children’ disrespect me and act like I’m supposed to be proud, of what?” He flung a hand in my direction. “Of this one acting like he’s better than me because he’s making a little money.” Then turned to my sister, who was picking up shards of glass while soothing Blue at the same time. I was about to go help her when he opened his mouth again, sneering. “Or should I have thrown a party for this one when she showed up at my door knocked up by a—”

			I didn’t let him finish. I lunged and backed him up against the wall, a cold rage filling me. “Say it. Open your mouth and say what you were going to say about your granddaughter.”

			Blue let out a wail as I stood there with my shoulder digging into my father’s chest. He gasped, short of breath, and I came back to myself. I stepped back, wiping my mouth, shaking from the adrenaline coursing through my veins. My father was looking at me and he seemed scared. Sofia just soothed Blue wide-eyed, probably shocked by my outburst. I looked around the room, my vision finally clearing, and I let out a horrified breath.

			“I have to go.”

			My mother just sat at the table, her hands trembling as she grabbed her glass. “That’s fine, baby. We can just have the cookies tomorrow. I’m feeling a little tired.”

			My father made a sound of disgust as he walked out of the room, and when he looked back at me his eyes were menacing. “I’m going to my room; you better not be here when I get back.”

			Sofia followed me out to the living room. “I’m just going to get Ma sorted out and I’ll be right behind you.”

			I looked at her, shame coating my insides like sludge. “I keep leaving you here.”

			She shook her head like I was talking nonsense. “Stop. You have my back always. And they’re my parents too.”

			“How did you get this strong?” I asked, as she literally cleaned up my father’s mess.

			She rolled her eyes and poked me in the chest as she grabbed more paper towel. “You, dummy. Who else? Now get out of here, before Billy makes it worse.”

			I went over to where my mother was staring blankly at the TV, kissed her forehead, grabbed my coat, and walked out.

			As soon as the air hit my face, I felt sane again, my head clearing. I walked out onto the sidewalk and ordered a Lyft to take me back to the hotel and looked at the time. It was only two. I’d been at my parents’ for less than an hour and I’d almost punched my father in the face.

			All that therapy, all those years trying to not let him push me like that. In the end, I’d given him what he wanted and had left my sister and my mother in there to fend for themselves, like I always did. My mother would never leave my father. I knew that, but my sister and Blue could get away from this. They could get some distance from this chaos.

			I needed to get her farther away from here, give her a chance to know what it was like to not have them a phone call away. Always needing her to do something for them. Always creating a crisis to lure her back. A thought of her and Blue going shopping at Sturm’s popped into my head. I imagined them in my apartment, sitting on the patio away from here. But she would never go for it. She wouldn’t leave them, not beyond the Tristate area, and so neither could I.

			Even if it meant giving up what I wanted most.





Chapter Twenty-Seven


			Julia

			What if I showed up at your door in nothing but a parka and a smile?

			I sent the text and sat with my stomach doing back flips. I was desperate to see Rocco. I’d been wanting to text him all day and had resisted, but now it was almost 5:00 p.m. and I figured he’d be done at his parents and up for a visit.

			I sat there waiting for a funny response like I usually got, but after seeing the three dots pop up on the screen and disappear, I started to fear something bad had happened.

			Finally a message appeared and it was not what I expected.

			Hey, muñeca. I might not be the best company tonight.

			I wanted to reach for him through the phone. I could sense the heaviness just from those few words. I was debating whether to call him or not when his number flashed on my screen.

			I took the call after the first ring.

			“Hey, sorry for the dramatic text.” His sigh sounded so weary. He was hurting. I could tell. “I’m just tired.”

			“That’s okay. Are you sure some company wouldn’t help?” I didn’t want to push him, but I also knew how much he craved physical connection, how he clung to me on the nights we spent together. “I have some of Pura and Yolanda’s food to sweeten the deal.”

			He chuckled at that. “I ate with Blue and Sofia here at the hotel and they just went back to my place.” Another exhale. “Things at my parents went—”

			He stopped there, but he didn’t have to say. I knew.

			“Are you just bad company, or do you want to be alone?”

			He sighed and this time it sounded like relief. “I don’t want to be alone.”

			“Then I’m coming over.”

			“Are you sure? I don’t want to put you in an awkward position with your parents.”

			“Fuck that. I’ll be there in thirty. I have the Lyft app open already. The thirst goes both ways here. Text me your room number.”

			He laughed then. “I will. Why don’t I set up a Lyft for you? It’s a long way.”

			I was already up and stuffing clothes into my overnight bag. “Rocco, you’re in Long Island City. It’s a twenty-minute drive.”

			“I’ll be waiting.” The relief and longing in his voice broke something in me. For how tough he was, sharp in business, hungry and ambitious, Rocco in some ways was still a lost boy, never sure if he was enough for people to stick around.

			As I walked out of my room and went downstairs, I found my parents watching TV in the living room. I knew they would not let me sneak out with an overnight bag without getting at least some kind of explanation. I went to put on my coat and UGGs, trying to think of what to say that wouldn’t prompt an interrogation. But before I could open my mouth, my mother got up, and on her way to the kitchen just said over her shoulder, “Tell Rocco we look forward to having him over tomorrow night.”

			I looked at my dad, and his knowing and sympathetic smile felt like a blessing.

			My parents weren’t perfect and there were years when my mother and I could barely be in the same room without blowing up at each other. But they loved me and my sister and did their best to let us be independent people. We knew they had our backs if we needed it. I opened the door, and before I stepped outside I called after my mom, “I will. See you in the morning.”

			I wasn’t sure where any of this would end up, but one thing was clear. This had stopped being just a fling.

			Rocco

			As soon as I heard the knock on the door, I felt the pieces of me that had been in disarray all day lock back into place. As I walked to let Julia in, I remembered something my therapist had told me: that I deserved someone who could be a resting place. I never understood that until now. Just the thought of having Julia in this room, in my space, filled me with an ease that no person had ever brought to my life.

			It was heady and addictive and I was starting to feel anxious about what it would be like to walk away from her.

			“Hey.” She was wearing her long black parka unzipped. Her usual yoga pant and oversized sweatshirt combo with boots. She looked perfect, flushed from the cold, and the only thing that made sense in that moment was to touch her. Hold her.

			I pulled her inside by the hand and as soon as the door was closed, moved in on her. Kissing her hard as we leaned against the door. She clung to me instantly, like she needed this as much as I did. I left weak from the relief I felt from having her here. I heard a thump and pulled away, then saw her bag by our feet.

			“Sorry, I shouldn’t have mauled you as soon as you walked in.”

			She shouldered off her jacket and toed off her shoes, as she looked at me, a small smile on her face. “I like that I get you a little out of control.”

			I kissed her again, this time just a small one. “You make me more than a little out of control.”

			She eyed my naked torso and the gym shorts I’d put on after my shower and shook her head. “I know the feeling.”

			I pushed in for another kiss, then took her coat and her bag and put it on the armchair by the window, while she walked farther into the room and sat on the edge of the king-size bed.

			“I should’ve checked on you earlier, mi cielo.”

			My gut flipped when I heard the endearment.

			My sky.

			I knew it was just an expression for a lover that probably didn’t mean anything, but my chest expanded at the idea that I could be that for her.

			Her sky.

			She was looking at me with concerned eyes, like she didn’t know where to start. But I didn’t want to talk about my fucked-up day or my father’s rage. I wanted to be okay in my own skin again. I wanted the feeling I got when it was just us. The way we fit so perfectly. I walked up to the bed, my eyes locked with hers. I knew she wanted to ask questions, to soothe, but right now all I wanted was her.

			Her eyes widened as realization hit her and she smiled, shaking her head.

			“Talk later, then?”

			I grunted as I held myself back, depriving myself of touching her for a second longer. I let myself feel how much I wanted her. How much her being here had shifted the bitterness of the last few hours and turned everything better, sweeter.

			Just her presence had done that because nothing else had changed. I was still hurting from my father’s words, ashamed of my own actions, angry by the awful things I knew he felt and almost said about my sister and Blue. None of that would ever go away, that would always be a source of pain, but Julia—she was here with me and that felt so fucking big.

			Julia del Mar... Julia of the Sea. Her name, from the first time I’d heard it, had captivated me. I stared at her as she moved, lifting her arms over her head, her brown eyes fixed on me. She felt too far where she was, perched on the edge of the bed. Her body beckoning to me.

			“Ven, mi cielo.”

			I went. How could I not? Her body was the only place I could make sense of this day.

			I got closer and she tightened her arms around my waist and I wrapped mine around her shoulders. She looked up and her lips brushed against my bare flesh, making me shudder. My cock hardening for her. I always wanted her. It never ever got any less consuming.

			“Hi.” Her voice was languid and crisp at the same time, and the puff of breath that came out when she spoke tickled my skin, making me shiver. We usually got right to it with sex, we were always so hungry for each other. Clothes coming off in seconds or fucking without bothering to undress. But now it was as though we were entering new territory, a place where we could not deny that we were long past “a fling” or a “parting gift.” She was here because I’d needed her tonight, and that was not something we could ignore much longer.

			I ran my hand over her cheek as she pulled back a little. “Hi.”

			Her eyes turned molten, hot with desire, as she ran a hand over my hardness.

			She ran a nail over the tip, which was coming out of my shorts, making me gasp, and I had to clench my fists to keep from taking it out and feeding it to her. “Can I have this?”

			“You can have anything you want from me.” I practically growled the words out.

			She scrunched her nose adorably and pushed a kiss to my chest, before answering. “Anything sounds like a lot. How about right now I focus on this.”

			“Okay,” I breathed out eagerly.

			She slowly pulled down the elastic band of my shorts and my erection sprung out, engorged and heavy, and in one swift movement she went down to her knees. I held my breath as she gripped me hard. She stroked me just like she knew drove me crazy, her fingers tightening around the base and lips around the head, the suction exactly right, just for a second, and pulled back. I groaned, feeling all the nerves in my body sizzle as she used her other hand to tug on my balls. Fuck.

			“Mmmm, that feels so good, baby.” My hips pushed forward as if my dick needed to make sure she knew he wanted in.

			She chuckled and then her tongue was lapping at my precome. The contact made my whole body seize. I squeezed my eyes shut trying hard not to come yet.

			When another shudder wracked through my body, she looked up. “Am I torturing you, papi?”

			I lifted a hand, placed it at the nape of her neck, and exhaled, trying to keep my shit together. “Not torture. My dick is just painfully aware of what your mouth can do to it. He’s a little impatient.”

			She let out a husky laugh and then, finally, when she was ready, took me in, grabbing my ass hard as she pulled me into her mouth. The pressure of the suction making me dizzy.

			“Oh, that’s good,” I gasped, feeling the little licks on the tip of my dick all the way down to my toes.

			She took me all the way down her throat, and I saw stars. Seeing my dick stretching her lips made me a little wild. I didn’t want to push in too hard, but fuck, I was so close.

			I was thrusting in hard and she was taking it all. She looked up and she tongued my slit and I thought for sure I was going to lose it. I thrust in a few times while she tugged on my balls the way she knew drove me crazy. I gritted my teeth at a particularly dizzying suck on the tip and grabbed the base of my dick.

			“Baby, I’m too close and I want in.” I held out a hand for her to help her up, and quickly helped her get on the bed, peeling her yoga pants off in one swift movement. I ran my hand up her thigh to her core, palming her heat, feeling how wet she was already.

			“You’re ready for me.” Her pupils were dilated and her breaths were coming in pants from those swollen lips. Reddened from taking my cock.

			“Rocco.” Just one word, but the want there, the urgency to be closer, to be locked together, matched my own need exactly.

			“Lift your arms, muñeca.” She did and I pulled her sweater off, leaving her in a lacy thing that let me see her hard brown nipples. I couldn’t resist. I bent down and sucked on one, then the other, flicking my tongue over them through the lace while I played with the hard nub between her legs. My cock still throbbing in my shorts.

			“Baby, that feels so good.” She was gasping out her words as I worried a nipple between my teeth and ran my hands over her body, touching and grabbing all that warm skin. Her heat warming me up. I lifted my head only long enough to pick her up and get her right on the edge of the bed. She leaned on her hands, her legs spread wide and her eyes burning. Fuck, the way she looked at me, like she knew everything I wanted in this world, she could give me. With only the lacy bra and thong on, that little bit of rosy pink fabric on her brown skin, she looked like a goddess, perfect. Her generous hips and round ass beckoning for my hands to grab, to touch.

			She sat there looking me up and down, licking her lips, stretching the last thread of my control to its limit. “You look hungry.” She liked to torture me like that, touching where I wanted to be. She spread herself with two fingers so I could see the brown and pink folds, glistening. I swallowed hard and, without a word, got on my knees.

			She put her hands on my shoulders and widened her legs, unashamed. I loved how she opened herself up to me. She let me worship her like this, and it was the sexiest thing on earth.

			I pushed my face to her belly. She was soft, but so strong, and her skin felt like silk against my lips. I wanted to tell her then that I loved her. That her presence, her body, felt like everything I needed to find peace, to feel whole. But I couldn’t. This was not what we’d agreed to and I was not going to complicate her plans by putting my neediness at the center of the only thing in my life that felt like a refuge.

			I pulled off the thong and pressed it to my nose.

			“I could come just from this.”

			I used my thumbs to open her up, found her engorged clit and lapped at it, grazing it with my fingers, and felt her shiver. I flicked the hard tip of my tongue on it, eliciting a long, tortured moan of pure pleasure while I ran the pads of my thumbs in that heat.

			“Mmm, papi I won’t be able to wait for much longer.”

			I looked up and her eyes were glassy. She looked flushed, her chest heaving up and down from the short breaths puffing out of her.

			“Let me see your tits. Pull them out and pinch them.”

			She moaned again, but did as I asked. She cupped one breast with each hand and pinched the nipples between her fingers. I watched her do it as I rubbed my thumb over her clit. I made a tight circle over it like I knew she loved, and then soothed it with my tongue.

			“I’m coming, Rocco.” She let out an agonized moan, making me redouble my efforts. “Don’t stop, do it hard, just like that with your fingers, baby.” I kept rubbing her with one hand as I kept her open with the other. At the last second I pressed two fingers in, which I knew would set her off. I felt her tighten on them and looked up to see her head fall back, mouth open on a silent scream, her hands fisted by her sides. I kept the pressure on her clit until she squeezed her thighs, sensitive after her orgasm.

			I stood up and held her tight as I crushed my mouth over hers and moved us farther up the bed. She was limp in my arms and still trembling from her orgasm as our tongues tangled together. She hooked her arms around my neck, clinging to me, with complete and utter trust. She made me feel like a man worth taking chances on. And with her in this room, I wanted so much to believe I was.

			She pulled back, with my bottom lip caught between her lips, and moved one hand down from my neck to the front of my shorts where my cock was still hard as a rock.

			She let go of my lip and smiled at me as she worked my dick.

			“Que vamos a hacer con esto?”

			My hips pushed in helplessly, the need to get inside her overwhelming me. I felt lost to the things Julia made me feel. Like I’d never ever get to all the things I wanted to do with her.

			“I don’t know. What do you want to do with it?”

			Without answering, she pushed down my shorts and turned around to bend over the bed. She rested her forearms on the mattress and presented me with that perfect ass. Without a word, I went to my bag and grabbed a couple of condoms. I suited up while I admired the curves of her body. The way her waist curved in and her hips flared out, her perfect round ass and all that brown skin. I couldn’t resist taking a bite, and was rewarded with a husky laugh.

			No matter where things went between us, I was ruined. She’d be the standard of beauty, the embodiment of everything I wanted in a woman, forever.

			Once I had the condom on, I got closer, leaned down so my mouth was against her ear as one of my hands looked for her clit. When I found it, I flicked it once, and then brought my fingers up to her mouth. She sucked on it just like she did with my cock and we both trembled.

			“Your ass makes me crazy.” Instead of responding, she pressed said ass to my groin and circled her hips. The friction was enough to make me come. It was heady the way we were together. Completely uninhibited, there were no hang-ups, no awkward moments. We fed off each other’s bodies. We let our desire run wild and it made every time we came together earth-shattering.

			I went back to playing with her and whispered in her ear, “Is this how you want it?”

			She nodded frantically as she moaned from what my fingers were doing.

			“No. Now, Rocco, please. I need it.”

			I grabbed my cock and poised it right at her entrance. She was wet and needy, as I teased her with the tip of my cock.

			“You need what?”

			She let out a frustrated laugh and she pushed her ass back, her hips undulating in that way that drove me crazy. “You. Come on, give it to me.” That last part was reedy and I could not hold off any longer.

			I entered her and we both sighed in relief, her body so ready for me, gripping me tight as I seated myself in her. And then we both started moving together. She pushed up on her hands and met the thrusts of my hips as I rocked into her.

			The only sounds in the room were her moans and my gasps of pleasure. I felt my orgasm building, tightening and sending waves of pleasure though me, but I didn’t want to be done. I wanted more. I wanted to stay locked with her. I stopped and she looked back, frustrated with me. I laughed and shook my head.

			“Turn over, muñeca. I want to see your face.” Her eyes softened and she lay on her back. I stood at the edge and brought her hips up and surged inside her again, both of us moaning at the sensation. I put my thumb on her clit again and rubbed it as I pistoned into her.

			“I’m gonna come like this, Rocco.”

			“Good. I want to see you come when I’m still deep in you. Tell me how it feels, Julia, when I’m inside you like this.”

			“Perfect.”

			Just as her walls contracted on me, my own orgasm razed through my body. My hips lost their rhythm and my fingers curled on her hips. After a few more thrusts, I collapsed on top of her. My brain completely whited out.

			We lay there hanging on the edge of the bed for a minute, until our breathing evened out. Then I moved us up and under the covers.

			Once we were tangled together, I looked at her. She was sated and happy, a little sleepy, and I wanted to be brave enough to tell her what I was feeling. That having her in my arms right now felt like a gift.

			Instead I said, “That was amazing.”

			She nodded and looked up at me, a little shy now. “I don’t know what it is about you, but when we’re together, my hang-ups just evaporate. The way you look at me, like you could devour me, it turns me on so much.”

			“I could devour you. I can’t get enough of you. Thanks for coming over tonight. This was exactly what I needed.”

			“A thirty-minute fuck session, when I let you do me like a porn star with my ass hanging off the bed?”

			I may have blushed at that. “Well, that didn’t hurt, but I was more talking about your company. Having you here is good.”

			“I’m glad I came, but.” She sat up and put her feet on the floor. “I need to go to the bathroom.” I rolled my eyes at the goofy face she made. “But when I come back, will you tell me what happened?”

			“Yeah,” I said to her naked back as she walked to the bathroom.





Chapter Twenty-Eight


			Rocco

			When people talked about contentment, true absolute bliss, I always envisioned a billionaire somewhere in some exotic location. Lounging without a care in the world.

			No. This was bliss. Julia del Mar Ortiz, naked and still warm from making love, draped over my chest while I ran my fingers over her back.

			This was what being whole felt like.

			She’d come back from the bathroom and brought us water. We’d kissed and touched for what felt like hours and now in the darkness of the room, our silence felt sacred.

			She turned around, running her leg over mine, and looked up. Her face was barely visible in the darkness of the room, but I knew the question was coming. “What happened?”

			Usually I didn’t want to discuss my family, or at least not my parents. The scars still felt so raw at times like this. I never went over this stuff with Sofia, because hers were pretty raw too. So other than Coach and my therapist, I never talked about my family. But right now with Julia here, for the first time in a very long time I felt like I was safe to open up.

			I sighed as I pulled her up and tightened my arms around her.

			“Honestly, the same shit as always. You’d think I’d learn to not let my dad get to me like that. But he knows how to push my buttons, and I end up acting as bad as he does.”

			I could feel the tension in her body as she quietly listened. She’d told me before she tried not to “therapize” her friends, but I also knew how hard it was for her to not help.

			She kissed my shoulder before she spoke, and when she did her voice was so gentle. “It’s not easy going back into a place that has never felt safe for you. People talk about resilience and how kids just get over bad stuff that happens in childhood, and in many ways they do. You can heal, you can develop ways to cope, but your body and your brain hasn’t forgotten how scary and unsafe you felt as a kid around your dad, in your home.”

			I exhaled, not sure how deeply I wanted to go into this shit. “The thing is, I’d gotten past this, or at least tried to find ways to manage the fight-or-flight instinct that takes over my brain when I’m around them, and for the most part it works. Except with my dad. He just takes me right back to square one.” I sighed, feeling the tension in my shoulders as I remembered how ugly he’d been today. “I almost punched him in front of the baby.”

			She ran a hand over my chest and in a very low voice whispered, “Oh, babe.”

			The way that endearment slipped out, like it was the most natural thing in the world. It was hard not to want to take every risk if it meant there’d be some kind of future where this was my life.

			“He was about to say hateful, nasty shit and I just lost it. I knew he did it on purpose too. Because he knows I can take anything he wants to spew about me, but I won’t stand for him talking about Sofia.”

			She shook her head. “Abusive people are masters at manipulation. He knows you’d protect your sister.”

			“He told me I was just like him and even though I know it’s not true, I can’t deny that the first thing I did was lunge at him. I reacted exactly like he would. He’s never going to change and Sofia can’t stop herself from going over there. I don’t know if she feels guilty or what the fuck it is, but it’s not a good environment for her or for Blue.”

			Julia’s soothing hands were the only thing keeping me from going to a bad headspace. “It’s hard to walk away from your parents. Honestly, kids who grow up in abusive homes sometimes have the hardest times severing ties. Trauma is complicated.”

			I sighed, and tipped my head up. “I need to get her out of here. She feels bad for them and ends up bringing the baby. I found out today my dad talked her into letting my mom watch Blue a couple of afternoons a week. It’s on the days my father isn’t home, and that usually means my mom isn’t drinking or stressed out from having him around, but with them you never know. And I know my mom loves the baby, and wants to be able to help Sofia, but they’re just not reliable.”

			“It must he exhausting, worrying about them all the time. And feeling guilty because you feel that way about your parents. It’s a lot, baby.”

			That was it. The guilt about not trusting my parents.

			“Yeah.” The word came out in a rush of breath. I felt tired and on edge from thinking about my parents and the pressure I felt to act before something bad happened to Sofia or Blue.

			I looked down at her again, the care and worry so obvious on her face. This was all so much. I never knew I could have all this. A woman who made me burn for her, who gave herself to me exactly like I needed it. Someone who fulfilled every want, every desire and then could sit with me in the same bed and make me feel safe enough to say the things I could barely tell myself. I slunk down until we were on our sides, face-to-face, and pressed my mouth to hers.

			“You’re incredible. Thank you for coming tonight.”

			She returned the kiss and licked the seam of my mouth before pulling away. “It’s the least I can do, since you’ll have to put up with the Ortizes tomorrow.”

			I smiled at that and pushed closer, a warm feeling spreading in my chest when I thought of spending time with her family.

			“I like hanging out with your folks, and I can’t wait to try the sancocho. I’ve only ever had it in restaurants and I know it’s gotta be better homemade.”

			I felt a ghost of a smile on my shoulder, and when she spoke I could hear it in her voice. “Pura and Yolanda don’t mess around when it comes to sancocho. Prepare yourself to go into meat shock. They put so many kinds in that thing.”

			“I can’t wait. It’ll be nice to go to your place.”

			Neither of us had to say how different being with her family would be from being with mine.

			I was drifting in the silence when Julia spoke. “You have to get your sister and yourself out of here. It’s not good for any of you.”

			She held herself tightly and just out of my reach. Like she knew it was the right thing to do and say but also meant that we’d lose what we had right now. Or maybe when she said it like me, she thought of Dallas as a possible place for the three of us to start fresh. Maybe the city where I’d found her could be the right amount of distance between me and my parents. But I didn’t ask her. I couldn’t bear to hear her tell me that the thought of me permanently in Dallas had never occurred to her.

			Julia

			“I can’t believe you’re already leaving in two days. We’ll miss you.”

			I froze in the middle of rolling up a pair of jeans and found my mom standing in the doorway of my bedroom. Rocco had left earlier and after some heated kisses on my parents’ porch he’d gone back to his hotel. We would see each other when I got back, but I was already fretting about the more permanent separation coming in just a few weeks.

			As soon as he left, I’d come back into the house and started arranging my clothes in my suitcase as if packing would make the time go faster. Everything about what I was feeling confused me. Rocco had obligations to his sister and I needed to keep living my life, making a go of things in Dallas. Those two things were not happening in the same place. I could’ve told him last night to consider a move south. That maybe the New York City suburbs weren’t far enough for their parents’ influence to wane, but I chickened out. I didn’t want to hear it when he told me he didn’t want to do it. That my being there wasn’t enough of a reason for him to leave New York behind.

			“Lita, where did you go, mija?”

			“Sorry, Mami.” I tried to remember what she’d asked me. “Yeah, I’ll miss you guys too. We have plans for New Year’s with the Exiles, so I just wanted to make sure I didn’t forget the dress I wore for Nochebuena, in case I want to use it.”

			“He really likes you.” The tone in my mother’s voice made it clear that she was well aware of the way things were between Rocco and me. I’d tried not to be obvious, but I’d caught him looking at me like he wanted to tear me apart a few times, over the sancocho. I was sure I’d been looking at him the same way all night, and neither of my parents was blind—nor was my grandmother, for that matter.

			“I like him. He’s been a good friend.”

			My mother dipped her head and gave me a lopsided smile, which I knew meant that she was seeing right through me. She sat on the bed and began folding clothes, without looking at me.

			“Friends, you say? I never knew you kissed your friends the way you were kissing that man on our porch, mija.”

			Damn Rocco and his irresistible mouth.

			“Mami, it’s complicated, okay? He has to stick around here. His relationship with his parents is really hard and it’s taking a toll on his sister and his niece. He’s got a plan to get a place in Westchester. I’m in Dallas. Long distance doesn’t work; he can’t just change the plans he has with his sister. I don’t even want him to. So it’s pointless.”

			“Okay, so why can’t you come back here?” The hopeful note in her voice almost killed me.

			I shook my head and zipped up my bag a little more forcefully than necessary. “I’m not doing that. I’m not moving across the country for a man ever again.”

			My mother looked at me with such concern. I hoped that she had a way to fix it, because I was out of ideas that didn’t involve me hating myself in the end. “Mija, don’t let what Matt did dictate your life. I’m not going to act like I wouldn’t love to have you closer, but believe me that’s not the reason why I’m saying you could always come back.”

			I sat down next to her, not knowing what to say. How to explain all the conflicting feelings inside me. I wanted to be the kind of person who wasn’t swept away by a feeling or my need for someone. I wanted to be someone who could stick to my plan and not be unraveled by a relationship.

			“Mami, I can’t keep uprooting my life to follow men. I can’t.” My voice broke then, from how fucking agonizing all this felt. “What about me? What about my loyalty to myself and my own needs?”

			She nodded and held my hand. “Of course, baby, that’s the most important thing—being happy with yourself. But it’s more than Rocco, although...the way he looks at you, sweetheart. That’s not easy to walk away from.” She rolled her eyes and looked toward the open door. “Your abuelita is smitten. Esos ojos azules.” We both laughed at my grandmother’s swooning for Rocco’s blue eyes. “What I meant was, you seemed happy in Dallas. You love your job, the friends you’ve made. You made a life there, honey. You found yourself in a bad situation and you really made the best of it. I just want you to know that you don’t have to feel like you can’t come back here just because the last move didn’t work the way you thought it would.”

			I didn’t know what to say.

			“Thanks, Mami.”

			My mom got up then and left the room. I thought she was just letting me be but a moment later she came back with my dad, and he looked like he was primed to give me one of his “talks.”

			When they were in lecture mode, it was better to just let them say their piece.

			“Oh, God. Is this about to become a ‘Growth Moment’?”

			My father was not amused. “Yes, it is, young lady. Just because you’re grown and living in another state doesn’t mean your parents can’t still tell you what’s what.”

			My mom held my hand and looked at my dad before she spoke. “Did you know that right before we went to California for your dad’s PhD, I left him and went back to Santo Domingo without even saying goodbye?”

			My mouth was gaping. My parents were my OTP, the type of couple people wrote about. Over thirty-five years together and they were still in each other’s pockets. I couldn’t imagine my mom doing that to him.

			My dad just sat there, letting my mom tell the story, with that besotted expression he always had when he looked at her. “Right before we left, your abuela called and said that your grandpa was sick. I got so scared. Being in New York already felt so incredibly far and I thought, ‘If I go to California I’ll never see my dad again.’ I didn’t know what to do. I wanted to go with your dad, but we weren’t married even. I thought if I go with him, people will judge. Say nasty things about me.” She waved a hand in the air. “Santo Domingo, you know people talk. So I left. I thought my duty was to be there. As soon as I got there, your abuela and your abuelo made me promise I’d come back. They told me, ‘You did not leave this country to be tied down to the backward machismo thinking you were trying to get away from.’ So I called your dad and explained. I got to see my dad, who recovered, and then I came home to him.”

			I looked straight ahead, trying to process why they were telling me all this.

			My mother’s expression turned sad, and regretful. “I know I’m not perfect and I nagged you about things that were superficial and my own way of feeling justified for how I like to do things, but baby, we raised you to be your own woman. To own your dreams and chase them. He’s a good man, and just because Matt didn’t deserve you doesn’t mean Rocco will disappoint you.”

			My father sat forward so that he could look at me. “Rocco seems to be someone who puts everyone before himself. Maybe you can teach each other to make yourselves more of a priority.”

			I sat there in silence, digesting my parents’ advice and feeling a little out of sorts. I never thought they would be the ones encouraging me to go after a man and not my career.

			They were right, I was still letting Matt make my decisions for me, and he was no longer part of the equation. I turned my head from side to side to look at my parents, who seemed sad and happy for me at the same time, then exhaled and took each of their hands in one of mine.

			“I’ll think about it. There are just too many uncertainties right now. I’m not even sure if the funding for the foundation will be available after they go public. So, I may end up here regardless. There’s also the fact that I’m not sure Westchester is far enough for Rocco and his sister to really get some distance from their parents.” I sighed, exhausted and defeated. “I don’t want to put myself at the center of what he needs to do. We were never meant to be more than a temporary thing.” My mom rolled her eyes like now I was just being ridiculous.

			“Mami, I’m serious though. We’ve never talked about trying things long term, and it feels so complicated right now.” I cringed when I realized I just told my parents I was someone’s booty call.

			“Mija, have you thought maybe Rocco agreed to that because that’s all you were willing to give him?” My dad spoke in the low, sure voice that always managed to soothe my nerves no matter what the situation. If my dad said it, I believed it. “Maybe he’s afraid to ask for more too.”

			I was about to protest when my mother shut it down.

			“That man looks at you like you’re the answer to every question he’s ever had. Trust that you can be that to someone.”





Chapter Twenty-Nine


			Rocco

			“Hey, muñeca,” I said, smiling into my phone while I walked into my office at 7:00 a.m. “I thought you were going to sleep in. Between the flight and me keeping you up after you got to my place...” My face heated, thinking about what we’d done when Julia came over straight from the airport last night.

			I expected her to laugh, but when I only heard choppy breathing, I started to worry.

			“What’s wrong?”

			“Vicki finally went too far.” Her voice was shaky, and I sat down dreading what she would say. She’d been complaining about the clinical director for the program for weeks. I’d been low-key worried she’d end up doing something that would give Phil and Duke the excuse they needed to convince the board Julia’s programs were more trouble than they were worth.

			“What do you mean?”

			“I think she got one of the clients deported, Rocco!” The terror in her voice was real and she sounded close to tears. I dropped my ass into my desk chair, not sure what to say next.

			“Deported? How?”

			She exhaled loudly and I could picture her sitting on my bed, her mouth pursed, and shoulders tense. Unhappy. Scared.

			“Apparently she had one of the kids and his mom over for Christmas dinner, against all of our fucking policies, and when she couldn’t find some old earrings of hers the next day, she assumed they took them and called the police.” Her voice broke. “Mom isn’t documented.”

			I squeezed my eyes shut as dread settled in my stomach. If Phil and Duke found out about this, they would almost certainly use it as proof that funding these programs was going to hurt Sturm’s image.

			“Fuck. How did you find out? When did it happen?”

			Another sigh from Julia, her voice hard when she spoke again. “Seems like Vicki’s son called Gail to tell her. He felt bad because he had taken the earrings to give them to his girlfriend for Christmas. From the looks of it, he and Vicki don’t have the best relationship. She wasn’t planning on letting anyone know what she’d done.” She scoffed, her voice full of disgust. Phil and Duke would have a fucking field day with this. “It’s not like we wouldn’t notice when Antonio stopped coming to the program after school started. Melida, the mom, was one of our most supportive parents. Never missed a meeting.” She was openly crying now and I was in a full panic.

			“I’m so sorry, baby. Are you going to the office, then?”

			I heard rustling like she was moving around the room. “Yeah, I have to go home and get myself together, then I’m going to meet with Gail. She said she wants to talk about next steps with the immigration attorney we work with.” She stopped talking then, and the pause was heavy enough for me to know what she was about to say. “If you hear anything tell me, okay? This is not going to look good when they consider the funding for next year, or shutting us down for good.”

			I was about to remind her I could not do that when she clicked her tongue. “Shit, that’s really inappropriate, isn’t it?” I closed my eyes once again. I’d known it from the moment I laid eyes on Julia that we’d end up here. I gripped the edge of the desk, just to stave off the panic already bubbling up in my chest.

			“I’ll see what I can do, but I can’t promise anything.”

			Duke and Phil might get their wish after all.

			And like the harbinger to all my fears when I opened my eyes again, I noticed a note on my monitor signed by Phil.

			Come see me when you get in!

			Fuck.

			I tried to get back to my conversation with Julia, and realized she hadn’t said a word and was just sniffling on the other end of the call. “It’s all right, babe. If I hear anything that I can share with you, I’ll let you know. I’m sure it’ll work out. You’re doing very good work and the board knows it.” I was sure neither of us believed that was true.

			“Okay, thanks. I’ll see you tonight?”

			I sighed internally wondering what shit show was in store for me today. I cringed thinking about the call I was scheduled to have with my boss in the afternoon. I could already hear him telling me my entire future with Davidson’s depended on whether I delivered on this project. I had a few more weeks and I was still not even sure what the fuck I was going to do about Julia, about Sofia. It seemed like everyone I loved was depending on me to do the right thing and I was going to fail them all.

			Like I always did.

			“Rocco?”

			I snapped back to attention at the sound of Julia’s voice. “Yes. Tonight, I’ll come by your place after I finish here. Let me know if anything happens.”

			“Okay, I hope Gail is not asking me to meet her so she can tell me I’m out of a job.”

			I clicked my tongue at that. “Julia, there’s no way they’ll shut down the program like that. There are too many families depending on your services.”

			“I hope you’re right.”

			“I know I am.”

			We stayed on the phone and with each second I felt like there was something important that she wasn’t saying. And just when I was about to ask if there was something else she needed to say, she blurted it out. “I love you, Rocco.”

			It was like a punch to the gut. She said those words like they were the truest thing in the world. Like she trusted I would take care of what she was offering me. Like I could hold something so precious.

			I was a fucking coward. I didn’t deserve her love or her trust, when I knew in my gut that when the time came, when it was up to me to speak up for her program, I would save my own ass.

			“I’ll see you tonight.”

			She inhaled sharply, like the blow of my words had winded her.

			I ended the call, hating myself, and because I couldn’t catch a fucking break, just as I was about to start mentally preparing to go and talk to Phil, I heard a knock on my office door.

			“Hey, did you see my note?” It was impressive how Phil could speak in a completely cordial tone and still sound menacing. I looked up and noticed his usual sneer was actually a real smile today, and that more than anything really scared me.

			I stood up to shake his hand, but he waved me off. He quietly shut my office door before sitting on one of the chairs facing my desk. His legs widespread. He was one of those guys who needed to put his junk right in your range of vision.

			“I did see your note. I was just about to walk to your office. What’s up?”

			The shark smile he flashed me with when I asked sent a frisson of dread down my spine.

			He sat up straight, rubbing his palms together. “It looks like we may finally have something to turn the board off of this insane charity scheme.”

			“Oh,” I said, as I squeezed and flexed my fingers under my desk, trying to shake some of the tension I was feeling.

			“I heard from Vicki today, the ‘clinical director.’” He made the air quotes as if the title and the job were some bogus shit. “Apparently she got one of the illegals arrested by accident.” He guffawed at this, his head thrown back, while I tried to focus on my breathing, so I didn’t lunge at him. I paid attention to the tightness in my back and shoulders and made myself relax, because I was really fucking close to losing my cool.

			“I’m sorry, I’m not sure I follow.”

			He grinned again, and I knew he was aware I found none of this even slightly amusing. Something about the way he was looking at me made me wonder if he knew about Julia and me.

			“Well, Vicki had one of the families over to her house for Christmas for some fucking reason, and it sounds like they stole some jewelry and she called the police on them. Gail sent an email to HR this morning, and they called me to let me know.”

			“They called you?” I was not surprised that this jerk was already twisting the truth, but I did not get why Phil was privy to any of this. This was not exactly the type of thing that Sturm’s CFO needed to be involved in.

			He lifted a shoulder then, his smile so wide I could see his molars. “I asked the contracts manager who handles all our charity stuff to keep me abreast of anything concerning.”

			He leaned in then, his eyes glinting. “And what could be more concerning than a program that’s supposed to be helping the illegals getting them deported by mistake.” He threw his head back again, literally gasping for air from laughing so hard. “This is truly a Christmas miracle.”

			I sat there stunned as he talked. How could people be like this? He was practically jumping for joy that a mother had been taken from her children.

			“I’m calling to move up the board meeting to first thing tomorrow. I already checked. Everyone was already expecting to meet so we’re good to go.” He looked over his shoulder at the closed door. “I want to drop this bomb on them before the twins have time to spin this into another sob story. The bottom line is that these people are using our funds poorly and embarrassing themselves and us by association in the process.”

			That was some world-class spin he was doing. As he talked, all I could think was that no matter how this turned out, people would get hurt, because Phil could not bear the idea of his executive bonus going to help immigrant families. I felt disgusted with him, with myself, and with all of us who routinely made decisions that hurt vulnerable people, with the excuse that it was all to serve a profit line.

			“Do you need me to prepare anything in addition to my planned presentation for this meeting?” I braced myself for his answer.

			His expression changed and I dreaded whatever poorly veiled threats disguised as instructions were about to come out of his mouth. “You need to come in there with those IPO numbers. They need to hear why we need to drop this nonsense and that now is the time to go into the stock market. This is the era of the billionaires.” His voice boomed as he spoke, his expression fervent. “Our brand is literally built on catering to the point one percent, and we cannot slow our momentum over this nonsense. You’re our expert. Give them the facts.” My back molars clamped together as his voice resonated in my office. Facts, as long as they were the ones that he agreed with.

			He angled his head then, and pointed a finger in my direction. “The Twins have been talking you up to the board for months now. They won’t be able to take it back when you give your recommendation.”

			In that moment I could hear Mitzy’s words from one of the promotional videos I’d watched in the last couple of months: “My grandfather started Sturm’s with a mission. Cater to the rich, so he could help those who needed it. The values of this company have always been centered on philanthropy and social justice. From day one.”

			Phil stood up then and shoved his hands into his pockets. “We’re counting on you.”

			Duke’s bitterness drove him to put Phil in as a puppet to fuck with the family’s legacy and as a way to push his sisters out. And now, I would be the pawn who would finally set all of that in motion.



* * *



			I left the office feeling like my hours were numbered. The meeting with the board was set for the next day at 8:00 a.m. and I was supposed to go up there and convince the board to pick profits over people. I would stand up and tell the board that investors liked lean companies. That there were places where they could make cuts. That some of the foundation programs could be reduced. The twins had been subdued when they stopped by my office. Mitzy, as always, was frank and direct when she spoke to me.

			She’d told me, “We know you came here to do a job, and we’re not going to put you in a position where you feel like you need to do or say anything on our behalf. We know you’ll do what’s right for Sturm’s.”

			By the time they left my office, I felt like my spine was made of ice. I didn’t want to disappoint them; they’d been so good to me. But I had to think about my future at Davidson’s. If I fucked this up, I could kiss that promotion goodbye. Even without the plans for the move to Westchester, Blue and Sofia were depending on me. Fuck, even my parents depended on me for some things.

			I could not afford to lose my job, which was why I’d told the twins I would give the report that the board had asked for, and that report was to move forward with the IPO. Then there was Julia. Just thinking about how disappointed she would be in me after this made me feel dead inside.

			I hadn’t heard from her much more for the rest of the day, other than a few texts letting me know she and Gail were trying to contact the foster family who took the children after mom was detained and were talking with lawyers to see what could be done for her. My recommendation tomorrow would most likely leave her jobless and, worse, those kids she loved so much hanging. She’d hate me for it. I’d hate me for it.

			As I drove to Julia’s place, I tried to breathe through the pounding in my chest. When I parked my car into a spot behind her building, my phone rang, and I saw Sofia’s number. We weren’t scheduled to talk for a few days, so I took the call right away, hoping it wasn’t an emergency.

			“Hey, sis.”

			“They almost took Blue today.” Her voice was more panicked than I’d ever heard and she was obviously crying. “She was with Ma while I was at work, and she walked out of the house and was roaming around the neighborhood when someone found her and called the police. Apparently Billy was sent home from a job for acting like an asshole. So she had a drink to appease him and forgot she’d taken her meds. She nodded off somehow while he was sleeping it off upstairs and Blue was on her own.”

			I felt the anger, the rage, of again hearing about one more time my mother could not be bothered to choose anyone over my father. I was also frustrated with Sofia. I’d known that her plan to only leave the baby when Billy was out of the house was not foolproof. My father always found a way to fuck things up. But saying that right now would only make things worse. Again the thought that moving ten miles away would not be enough distance flooded my mind.

			“Is she okay, is Blue all right?”

			Sofia shuddered before speaking, and I could tell she was working hard not to start sobbing again. “She’s okay. Thank God someone saw her before she actually walked into the street. She had the iPad you got her for Christmas with her, so she was distracted. She could’ve just walked into traffic and gotten hit by a car, Rocco.” Her voice was shaking, and I felt myself get more worked up with every word. “The lady who found her called the police and they called CPS, not that I blame them. I should’ve listened to you, but I always feel so guilty for not letting Mom see the baby.” She was openly crying again, the fear clear in her voice.

			“Dammit.” I wanted to tell her we should just leave our parents and their problems in New York. That we needed some peace. That we didn’t owe them anything. But instead, I let her talk, knowing this would just add to all the shitty decisions I would need to make in the next few hours.

			“They interviewed me for so long. They left Blue with me since I only let Ma watch her for a few hours a week and we don’t live there. But they are opening an investigation; they’re coming to our apartment tomorrow for a home visit. They called the advocate that Julia hooked me up with and she talked to them. They’ll call you too, to ask about me and if I’m a good mom.” Her voice gave out then, and it was all I could do not to catch a plane back to New York just so I could beat the shit out of my father. “I was so scared, Rocco. I thought they were going to take my baby.”

			“It’s all right, sweetheart. We’ll figure this out. No one’s taking Blue from you.”

			Sofia had worked her ass off the last few years to get herself and Blue to a good place. The one thing still keeping her on the ledge of losing her safety and her child was my parents. They were like a fucking anvil, keeping both of us shackled to their toxic drama. I had to get Sofia and Blue away from them. They were perfectly capable of doing something to get Blue taken from Sofia and then tell her it was her own fault.

			“Are you home tomorrow?”

			She shuddered out another breath, before answering my question. “Yeah. I told my boss I needed the day. He wasn’t thrilled but he gave me the time off. But the day care doesn’t open again until after New Year’s. I may ask Evelyn, my neighbor, to watch her for the few days before school starts. She’s there with her girls and Blue loves them.”

			I heard shifting and Blue’s muffled voice asking for something. Sofia spoke softly to her. I felt responsible for not letting Blue get caught up in the same bullshit we’d grown up with.

			I exhaled and felt like shit for not being able to do more. “I wish I was there to help you. I wish you didn’t have to depend so much on them. It’s not good for you, or for the baby.”

			She sighed, and it sounded resigned. “You do too much for me already. More than anyone else. I’ll figure it out. Besides, you got the big move planned. When you’re ready, Blue and I will be too.”

			I couldn’t betray my sister’s faith in me. I could not let her down.

			“Don’t worry. I’ll get us there.” I looked up and saw the light in Julia’s apartment. I had to take care of this too. “Sis, I gotta go. I’m late for something with Julia. I’ll call tomorrow to check in about the CPS visit. I know you’ll be fine. When they call me, I’ll tell them there isn’t a better mom than you.”

			“Thanks, bro. You always have my back.”

			I knew that wasn’t true.

			“Give Blue a big kiss for me.” I ended the call in turmoil, but certain of what I needed to do.





Chapter Thirty


			Julia

			As soon as I opened the door, I knew something was wrong.

			“Hey.” I leaned up to kiss Rocco on the mouth. Feeling like it had been days and not hours since I’d seen him. Relieved that he was here after the awkward end to our call this morning. I’d blurted out I loved him and regretted it immediately. I’d been needy and frantic and had put him in a weird position. The turmoil and frustration from work making me impulsive. More than once I’d felt the need to text him, just to know he was out there. That he’d be there when it was all over, but I had been trying to give him space.

			But now that he was here, he felt a million miles away. Except when we pressed our mouths together, his kiss was desperate and a little rough. Like he was quenching a deep thirst. After a moment he let go and walked farther into the apartment. Away from me.

			I followed, aware that he still had not said a word to me. I was about to ask if I’d freaked him out this morning, but before I could he opened his mouth.

			When he spoke, it was wooden. His body was there, but his mind was very far away. “How did things go with the family?”

			He was still in his work suit, the slate Zegna I’d gotten him for Christmas, and just like I’d anticipated, it fit him perfectly. I stood there watching him move around my space. His tall, strong body taking over the living room. In that moment I knew that I’d do anything to keep him.

			I sat down on the couch next to him and ran a hand over the nape of his neck and he shivered. “Mom is in custody, and we’re trying very hard to locate her and figure out a way to get some kind of stay.” I threw my hands up, the frustration and helpless feelings of the day rushing back. “She’s got three kids, all of them American citizens, and they need her. They’re staying with one of the families who have fostered kids for us before, and they may be able to keep them permanently, if it comes to that. The attorney that the foundation got us talked with Gail and I for a while today. She sounded confident we could at least buy some time, but she may have to go back to Guatemala eventually.”

			I rubbed my hands over my face, trying to breathe through the panic I felt whenever I thought of Antonio and his sisters. “Whenever I close my eyes, I see Antonio’s cheeky smile.” I shuddered a breath. “He’s such a great kid, with a great mom. This should not be happening to them.”

			Rocco’s silence was starting to freak me out, so I turned to get a good look at him, and his face was like stone. No affect whatsoever. It was like he wasn’t even here.

			“Is something wrong?”

			He startled at my question, and looked in the direction of the window. “Just thinking about your client. I know your support means a lot. What you guys do is so important.”

			The muscles in his jaw stood out like he was gritting his teeth hard. I had no idea what was happening, but something was really wrong with him.

			“Hopefully we’ll be able to continue to do the work and help him. As long as we have the means, we’ll be there for those families.” I paused there, not wanting to go into the awkward place where we talked about how our funding depended a lot on how his firm felt about the foundation’s place in Sturm’s future.

			He just stared at me with a blank expression again and my heart started pounding in my chest. I hesitated before adding the next part, because I was still not sure where we stood. “Even if I’m not there.”

			This time he did react, his face panicked. “What do you mean, not be there?”

			This was not the moment to bring this up. Again I’d almost let my own insecurities muddle things that were already extremely complicated. I flipped my hand, dismissing what I’d just said. “Nothing. Just talking.”

			It wasn’t just talking. I hadn’t stopped thinking about what my mom and dad had said. I’d thought if Rocco felt the same way I did, that I could go back to New York. We hadn’t really talked about the future yet, but ending things just didn’t seem like where we were going. Except now, I wasn’t too sure where we stood, and I didn’t feel like I could ask.

			When he turned toward me, he did not look like my outburst was news he’d wanted to hear. “Sofia called.” The way his mouth pursed made me think the call had not been a good one.

			“What happened?”

			“My parents were watching Blue today and while they were sleeping off an early afternoon bender, she walked out of the house. Someone found her before she walked into traffic. CPS has opened an investigation.”

			Shit.

			“Did they remove Blue?”

			He shook his head, but his mouth was still a flat line. “No. Sofia explained she was just with my parents only a few hours a week. But they’re coming to check the house tomorrow.”

			“Has she been working with the agency I told you about?”

			His face relaxed a bit when I asked that, and he dipped his head. “Yes, she said she’s been in touch with her advocate and they would call the CPA worker on her behalf.”

			“Good. That’s good. Sofia has her shit together, they’ll see that.”

			He didn’t look too convinced, and then went back to the awkward staring into space.

			“Rocco, are you all right?” I tried to grab his hand as I spoke, but he stood up and started pacing around the room.

			“Things are about to really rev up at work. There are—”

			He stopped moving and turned his back to me. He was starting to freak me out. His shoulders were tight and when he refused to look at me, then I understood. Before he said the words, I knew what he’d come here to do. I sat there in a daze, thinking that this could not be happening again.

			When he turned around and focused on something over my head, my stomach flipped and I had to cover my mouth to keep from puking. “I don’t think we should keep seeing each other, Julia.”

			I almost laughed, but I knew if I opened my mouth I’d start crying, and I was not going to cry.

			“It’s better this way.” He sounded like he was dead inside, and I had no idea what to do.

			I stood up and moved toward the door, not sure what I was doing. It was like he’d turned into someone else. I knew this could be from stress, from the issue with his sister, from his parents and how shitty they were, but I was hurt.

			I wasn’t his fucking therapist. I was his girlfriend.

			I took a deep breath and stood in front of him. I didn’t touch him but I stood close. “You’re going to look me in the eyes for this, Rocco.” I fisted my hands, so I didn’t grab his chin and force him to make eye contact.

			But just my words made him flinch.

			“No one is making you do this, Rocco. You are choosing to hurt me.”

			His face was like stone. “I’m under a lot of pressure, Julia. I have no idea what I’m going to do about work. I need to get Sofia away from my parents before a fucking tragedy happens. I have responsibilities. My job—”

			“What about your job? We’ve always known there was a bit of a conflict there, Rocco. You’ll do your job, and I’ll do mine and then we’ll figure it out.”

			“You don’t understand. I’m going to give them the recommendation to go ahead with the IPO, Julia. That means cuts.”

			Even as he said it, I wanted to argue. To tell him that his recommending they ax the foundation was something we could work through. I was doing it again. I was shutting off my own needs so I could tend to one more person who found it so easy to trample on mine.

			I thought about the moment when Matt told me he was going back to New York. I remember the anger, the frustration, the hurt—but this was something else. This was like Rocco had blown out my heart. I swallowed down the sob that was threatening to get out, and held myself together. I would not fucking lose it in front of him.

			“This is how you do it, huh? You martyr yourself?”

			He said nothing.

			“You make it about other people so you can keep punishing yourself,” I said, hugging myself, suddenly feeling frozen to my toes. “I can’t fix this for the both of us and I won’t beg you. I deserve better.”

			He flinched again and walked to my door and I let him go. He grabbed the doorknob and turned to look at me. “You deserve the very best, and that’s not me, Julia.” He laughed then, a hoarse, broken sound. “That’s not me.”

			He walked out without so much as a backward glance, as I did everything I could to hold in the sob in my throat until he was gone.

			I screamed. Hard and loud, and I knew he could hear me. But he didn’t come back, he left me there, because I was now a prop in Rocco’s theater of misery and isolation.

			I don’t know how long I sat on the carpet crying, but after a while I walked over to the couch and grabbed my phone.

			I tapped on the screen and after a couple of rings, José answered. “Hey, chula. I thought you’d be busy with Mr. Quinn, or is he still at the office?”

			“Mr. Quinn has come and gone.” I started crying then. “He came to break up with me tonight. It only took him like five minutes.”

			“What? Why?”

			I scoffed, because I wished I knew. “Because he’s going to tell the board they should cut the funding for the foundation. He came over, could barely look at me, told me we had to break up, and left. That was the extent of it.”

			“I’m coming over. I’ll tell Salome too.”

			“You don’t have to.”

			He sucked his teeth, and I could practically see his eyes rolling. “Stop it. Of course I have to. I have no idea what got into him, but we’re going to figure this out, babe.”

			“Okay.” I sounded small and pathetic. “Thank you.”

			“I’ll see you in thirty, ma.”

			I ended the call with José and sat there with my eyes closed replaying the scene with Rocco. I tried not to psychoanalyze him. He wasn’t my client. He wasn’t my project. He’d been my boyfriend...and now he wasn’t.

			Rocco

			I walked into the Sturm’s corporate office in a fog, my body aching from lack of sleep and what I’d done to Julia last night. I knew I had to. I didn’t think it would hurt so much though. I didn’t know anything could hurt like this.

			As I turned on the lights in my office, the brightness made my eyes ache. I’d gotten home from Julia’s and sat on my couch until Pulga started meowing at me in disdain. It was almost like she knew what I’d done and was pissed at me for not consulting her first. I lay in bed awake until 2:00 a.m., but couldn’t sleep, so I worked on my presentation. The presentation that had been bought and paid for by Duke Sturm, so he could turn away from his family’s legacy and reduce his company to a machine with the sole purpose of making money. I had the numbers, and Sturm’s would be leaner if they made those cuts that Phil and Duke kept advocating for. They’d be more appealing for savvy investors if they were less generous with their employee benefits. It was true no other high-end retailers offered sixteen weeks of paternity leave, or helped people who had kids with special needs, but it’s what made Sturm’s staff so dedicated. They loved their company and were loyal because Sturm’s was good to them. All of that would be lost.

			I didn’t check my phone and I didn’t check my email. I just sat and reviewed what I’d decided on for my recommendation. I didn’t need to know what my boss had to tell me, I knew what he wanted me to do. Just as I was looking at the last few slides, with my stomach in knots, my phone started buzzing and I quickly picked up when I saw it was Sofia.

			“Is everything okay?” I knew I sounded strung out, and there was no helping that.

			But when Sofia spoke she sounded a lot better than she did last night. “Hey, just wanted to tell you that the CPS workers already came by. They were here at 7:00 a.m. sharp. But we were ready for them.” I could tell the visit had gone well, but I could barely muster up anything more than a grunt. “They loved how clean everything was and that Blue had her own space. You know how she is, she was showing them all her toys and she had on her cowboys boots.”

			“That’s good, hon.” I sounded like death. “I’m glad. Whenever they call me, you know I’ll have a lot to say about how great of a mom you are. Once I’m back in New York I’ll—”

			I literally gasped for air at the thought of never seeing Julia again. Or worse, being the cause for Julia being back in New York herself, hating me. Because that’s what would happen after today and maybe it already had: she would fucking hate me.

			“Rocco, what’s wrong?”

			The lightness in Sofia’s voice was completely gone now, her focus on me. “Nothing, sis. I’m fine.” I didn’t sound fine, and she obviously could tell.

			“Did something happen with you and Julia?”

			“I have to go, Sofia, but don’t worry. This promotion is happening, no matter what. We’re getting that place in Westchester.”

			“What are you going to do?” The tinge of panic in her voice, the worry for me, gnawed at me, but I could not deviate from this plan.

			“I’m giving my recommendation to the board today. I’m going to tell them they should consider cutting funding for the foundation.”

			I heard my sister suck in a breath. “Is that what you think they should do?”

			“It’s what I need to do. Sofia, we got to get out of New York.”

			“So you’re going to risk Julia losing her job and hating you, so you can move me and Blue out of the city? No. You can’t do that.”

			I gripped my phone hard, wishing she would just let this go. Let me fucking do this. “No. I am doing what I was sent here to do.”

			“Is that what you think they should do? Cut those programs?”

			I ran a shaky hand over my head, feeling desperate and so fucking alone. “It’s not about what I want. Who cares what I think? This is the way it needs to be.”

			“No, it’s the way you think you need to do it, so you can get that promotion.” She scoffed, and I could hear the stubborn set in her voice. “You’re not doing it. You’re not risking your relationship and your conscience over this. We’ll be fine. We can find a cheaper place to live. Blue and I will go wherever. We’ll go to Texas.” She laughed nervously, but once that little glimmer of hope sparkled in my chest, it wound not go out.

			I breathed out heavily, feeling like the world was on my shoulders. “I’m an employee, Sofia. If I don’t do what I’m supposed to, I will get fired. I’m not indispensable and I need this job. You know that.”

			She sighed too, and now that she had said it, I couldn’t get the idea of her and Blue in Dallas out of my head. “Please, bro. You’ve been happy these past months. You’re always sacrificing yourself. Please don’t do this.”

			“Sofia, this is what I’m here for. To do this for us.” I was trying to convince myself as much as her.

			“No, stop it. Your life isn’t about doing stuff for me. What about you? What about your happiness?”

			“I just want to do the right thing.” If only I knew what that was anymore. I thought about Julia and how bad I’d fucked things up with her. How doing my job was starting to feel like selling my soul. And then there were Sofia and Blue and the obligations I had to them. I felt like I was getting torn in four different directions.

			“What about what is right for you? For your heart, Rocco? Have you ever thought that if you pick yourself we can be there for you too?” I wanted to say no. That I was her brother and that it was my job to help her, but God I needed someone to hold me up right now.

			I looked at the time and realized I was going to be late. “I don’t know if I’ll have the guts to risk my job, sis, but it means a lot to hear you say you have my back.”

			“Rocco Quinn, for one time in your life, just go with what makes you happy. I promise you the earth won’t shatter.”

			Her frustrated tone managed to pull a laugh out of me. “I gotta go. I’ll call you later.”

			I felt marginally less terrible as I ended the call. Just as I was getting my thoughts in order, I heard a knock on my door.

			“Hey, we just came to say good morning. We barely got a chance to chat with you yesterday.” The twins gave me two identical strained smiles as they walked in. I was still a jumble of conflicting feelings, and had no idea what to say to them.

			As if she could read my mind, Muffy lifted up her hands, palms out, like she wanted to absolve me from whatever guilt I had about what happened next.

			“We’re not here to do a last-minute plea for you to go against the IPO. We know that you need to be neutral.” That last part came out with just a bit of cynicism. They probably had an inkling of the pressure Phil and Duke were putting on me.

			They were such decent and classy women. Truly an anomaly—people who were willing to put their money where their mouth was. I wish I could just tell them how I felt, how much I respected them, how much I hated that they were fighting to keep their company whole, and I was the chess piece their brother was trying to use to take that from them.

			“Thank you.” I sighed. “There’s not much I can say at this point, other than it’s been a pleasure getting to know you over the past few months. I didn’t know there were companies left out there with this much heart.”

			Mitzy, who was the more expressive one of the two, sniffed and gave me a rueful look. “Don’t make me ruin my makeup before I have to go and stare down those bastards on the board.” Her Southern twang was just a bit more pronounced when she was emotional.

			I smiled and tried once again to look like I wasn’t dying inside. “I would never.”

			Muffy leaned in, getting closer to my desk and put a hand over mine. The human contact rocked me. “It’s been our pleasure too. Even with you being the enemy and all, we have enjoyed working with you. At least we know that if this thing goes forward, it’s because you agree it’s what’s best.”

			The trust with which she looked at me was unbearable. I almost closed my eyes so I didn’t have to see hers. I wanted to step up for these women, for their company and the legacy they so proudly held up. For the work Julia and her staff did with their help.

			“Thanks,” I said, and I meant it.

			After a moment, Muffy stood up and started smoothing down her gray slacks and jacket, which matched Mitzy’s gray sheath almost exactly. “We’ll see you in there,” she whispered as they turned to walk out of the office. They barely acknowledged Phil as they passed him on his way in.

			He sneered over his shoulder. “Was that one last attempt at a grovel?”

			I really wished I could just smack that smile off him.

			“No.” Because they’re fucking professionals, not a low-down sneaky fucker like you.

			He clapped his hands and still flashed a smile in my direction, but those eyes were cold as ice.

			“Not that it matters. The numbers look good for us.”

			I assented, “They do.” I had nothing more to say to Phil.





Chapter Thirty-One


			Rocco

			I knew the names of the board members and had even read some of their bios, but none of that prepared me for walking into that room. I was aware there was dissent within—some in favor of the IPO, some set against it, and others on the fence—but you could cut the tension in the room with a knife. I looked around, trying to put faces to names, and I stopped when I got to the youngest person in the room. Duke Sturm was one smug son of a bitch. He gave me a long, appraising look as I took my seat, but after a moment turned his attention to the guy next to him. I would not presume to think the hired help would get acknowledgment from him.

			As the room filled, I worked on setting up my slides and started to feel the sweat pooling under my arms. I was nervous. I was fucking terrified.

			After a moment I heard the door of the room close and saw the twins stand up from their joint seats at the head of the table. There were multiple flat-screens along the walls of the room, three of them showing the faces of board members who could not be here in person.

			Sitting to the right of the twins was their mother, Consuelo, and to their left was Duke. The iciness in his expression as he looked up at his older sisters made my stomach clench. He really hated them.

			Mitzy began, “Thanks for your flexibility to do the meeting at an earlier time and on New Year’s Eve Eve.” Her face hardened then, and I could tell she was trying not to look in Duke’s direction. “However, due to a concerning incident that occurred in one of the programs...” Duke scoffed at the word “incident.” Asshole. “...we’ve been hearing that some of you want to make an early decision about where we’re going. You all know where Muffy and I stand on this.”

			She smiled in my direction. “We also trust that Mr. Quinn will give a thorough report on what an IPO would mean for us, if we decide that’s what we want for the future of Sturm’s.” I knew there was a lot more at stake than that. That Mitzy and Muffy would mostly likely step down as joint CEOs if Duke won, and he would be at the head of Sturm’s. Those two women were fighting for the soul of their company today.

			“It’s your floor.” She waved a hand in my direction and I stood up, facing the room, feeling like I was about to throw up.

			I brought up the first slide and was about to launch into my profits projections, then stopped. Usually I could get myself in a good headspace by giving my back to the room for a second and taking a couple of deep breaths. But every conversation I’d had over the last twenty-four hours was running in a loop in my head. Julia’s hurt accusation that I was trying to martyr myself. Sofia’s offer to support me, her plea to think about my own happiness. The twins’ calm trust in my doing the right thing. My head pounded and my chest tightened with every breath.

			“Good morning, everyone. I’m Rocco Quinn, the lead analyst from Davidson and Partners. I was hired to come to Sturm’s and gather information to figure out how beneficial it would be for the company to go public. It’s a pretty straightforward job and one that I’m pretty good at.” I got some laughs and that gave me the last push I needed.

			“This project has been probably the hardest and the best one I’ve been on to date. Sturm’s is an exceptional business, with a mission and values I wished were the standard for the corporate world.” I looked over at Muffy and her eyes were shining, and I kept going before I lost my nerve.

			“Before I begin my report, I just want to say that there is more to Sturm’s than a profit margin. This company is a success because from the day Henry Sturm opened the store, he had a purpose much greater than making money. He wanted to ‘help those in need and be a beacon on civility and justice.’ I was astonished to find out that Sturm’s was the only store in Texas who refused to deny service to people of color and was the first to have a black female general manager—in 1962. Henry Sturm and his son supported civil rights activists, and fiercely advocated for the 1965 immigration act to pass. The Sturm Foundation is the heart and soul of this company, and that is something worth saving.” That jab was for Phil, and I looked that fucker right in the eyes when I said it.

			I glanced over to Duke and he was glaring at me, his face blotched with anger, but I didn’t care. For the first time in twenty-four hours, I felt like I could breathe. “Sturm’s made a brand out of clothing those at the highest end of society, while serving the most vulnerable in the communities they do business in. Making Sturm’s leaner and cutting costs to attract investors will work for a successful IPO.” I lifted a hand to a bar graph on the screen. “It may even get you bought out by one of the luxury conglomerates, but it will irrevocably impact your brand and that also has a cost.”

			Phil was so red I was starting to worry about him stroking out sitting on that chair. But I would finish what I had to say. “I ask that in addition to the numbers I’m about to report, you consider that this company has always been about a lot more than a bottom line.”

			The faces around the room showed a range of emotions, but Mitzy, Muffy, and Consuelo were raptly looking at me, their backs straight. Proud.

			“Thank you for indulging my need to regale you with information that you probably knew already. Now I’ll get to my report.”

			I fired up the presentation, doing all I could to avoid looking at Phil or Duke. I’d said my piece and now I had to do my job.



* * *



			I walked out of the boardroom and went to my office knowing I’d probably talked myself out of a job. They would vote on whether the IPO would move forward or not, but regardless of the decision, I doubted that Duke and Phil would want me around after what I’d said. In the end I just didn’t know if it would be enough to save Julia’s job, and I’d almost certainly fucked up my own future at the firm.

			But I didn’t hate myself—well, at least not for this. The most important person in my life still thought I didn’t care about her.

			Thinking about Julia, my chest felt heavy. I didn’t want to go there, to think about her and how much I missed her. I couldn’t. She was free of me, and all the shit I came with.

			I sat at my desk and picked up my phone. There was a voicemail from Sofia and a few from the Exiles, probably to curse me out for what I did to Julia.

			I tapped on the screen to call my sister.

			“Hey, don’t worry. I didn’t sell my soul to the devil.”

			She laughed humorlessly, but sounded relieved. “Good. We can figure this out, Rocco. Now we just need to think about how to get Julia to forgive your ass for doing the most.”

			I cracked a smile, but I still felt hollow. The thought of Julia hating me made me sick to my stomach.

			I tried to find a way to change the subject. “Don’t worry about CPS. I’m sure at this point it’s more a formality. They had to see how good you are with her.”

			Sofia sighed, clearly not fully convinced. “Let’s hope so. This apartment is so small. I didn’t want to be at yours when they came, because that’s not our place. And, well, this one is really little.”

			I scoffed at that. “They know the rent prices in the city. They won’t bother you over that.” Sofia lived in a biggish one-bedroom in Rego Park that she’d converted into a two-bedroom with a lot of creativity. “Blue has a nice home where she gets lots of love and never feels scared. That’s all a little kid can ask for, and no one taught you that, Sofia, you had to learn that on your own.”

			“No, I learned it from you, Rocco.”

			It was like a stab in the gut, and immediately I wanted to reject her words. To tell her that I hadn’t done anything. That I hadn’t been there for her. But I had to start listening to the people in my life who wanted me to let them in. If my sister said I’d shown her love, why couldn’t I hear that?

			The next part felt like taking a leap from a building, but I said it. “Thanks for saying that, sis.” I closed my eyes, wishing I had the guts to do this with Julia, but I didn’t know if she’d ever want to see me again. “I have to go. I need to tie up some loose ends here.” Like probably getting fired.

			“Okay, but think about calling her, okay?”

			“I don’t think she wants to hear from me.”

			I ended the call before she could ask again. I knew she’d just keep calling until I told her what had happened. I went to the voicemail messages from the exiles. There was one from Tariq and a text from Dani.

			Dani: Dude Tariq just called saying José put out the bat signal. Are you all right?

			I thought they would be texting me to tell me I was an asshole for doing what I did. I never expected them to actually be worried about my feelings. It was Julia who needed support, not me.

			Rocco: I’ve been better. Do you know how Julia’s doing?

			I knew I was pushing it, but I couldn’t help myself. I held my breath as I saw the three dots jumping on the screen.

			Dani: Not good from what José said, man. What happened?

			I didn’t know where to begin. What could I even say? That I was a coward. That she was too good for me and I’d just end up dragging her into my family bullshit.

			Just as I was about to reply, the Twins rushed into my office, their faces thunderous.

			Muffy was the first one to speak. “Will what you did end up costing you your job?” Her voice was tense but her eyes were full of concern.

			I tried to smile, but I knew it was probably not working very well. “It needed to be said.”

			They both shook their heads and Mitzy kept looking over her shoulder.

			“They voted in favor of the IPO.”

			My vision blurred and I felt like I couldn’t breathe. I’d put my job on the line and lost Julia for nothing.

			“Well, then I guess they were happy with the report. What will happen with the foundation?”

			Mitzy shook her head, her face grim. “We’ll fight for the programs.” The relief was so intense at her words I felt light-headed. “It’s going to be nasty, and I have no idea what the future of Sturm’s is, but we will never forget what you tried to do. We know how much that cost you.”

			“You don’t have to thank me.”

			Muffy moved closer then and put her hand over my fisted one resting on the desk. “Yes we do. Don’t think we don’t know the pressure you’ve been under.” Just as she said that, Phil sauntered into the office. He stood behind the twins, without even looking at them. That shark smile in full force.

			“I just spoke with your boss. We won’t be needing you moving forward, Mr. Quinn. Please be out of this office by the end of the day.” He turned on his heel and left without another word.

			I stood up and started getting my shit in order while Mitzy and Muffy glared at Phil’s back.

			“You don’t need to rush out of here, Rocco.” Muffy’s voice was urgent and frustrated.

			Mitzy just shook her head.

			I lifted a shoulder, gathering the few things that were mine. “I don’t have much here. I’ll be done in a few minutes.” I took the security card out of my pocket and placed it on the desk. The sad thing was, I really didn’t have much. Just a few folders and my laptop. That was all I would walk away from here with. It felt wrong, when I’d found so much in this building.

			I looked up and tried to give the twins a genuine smile. “Thanks for everything, and I’m sorry I couldn’t do more.”

			“This was never on you. That was all my brother with his childish vendetta and that greedy asshole Phil.”

			Mitzy’s worried eyes landed on me again. “Will you be all right, Rocco?”

			Just as she said that, I saw an email notification flash on my phone screen.

			It was from Davidson and Partners and the subject had two words. “Termination Notice.”

			I picked it up and shoved it in my pocket without opening it. As I made my way around the desk, I gave each of them a warm, one-armed hug.

			“I’ll be fine.”





Chapter Thirty-Two


			Julia

			“I can’t believe it. How is it possible?”

			I looked over at Salome and José, who were sitting on my couch, looking at me expectantly.

			From the other end of the line, Gail exhaled loudly. “I’m not sure how it happened, but I got an email late last night from the Sturm twins.” I flinched when I heard the name, thinking of Rocco and how much he liked the two older women. “They assured me all the programs they promised funding to would continue to get it, and for the foreseeable future.”

			I wished I could have felt glad, but all I seemed to be able to feel was misery. “That’s great. I can’t believe we will stay open even after the IPO got approved.”

			Gail sighed again in obvious relief. “I was afraid we would be drastically impacted by that. But the twins said not to worry and we just have to trust in them at this point.”

			I nodded as if she could see me. “I’ll see you the day after tomorrow, then.” My job was safe. The attorney working on behalf of Antonio’s mom could continue to advocate for her. The program was safe. My life was here in Dallas now. With time that would start feeling better, but now I was just numb.

			I ended the call and put the phone in my hoodie pocket.

			“Looks like we have our funding.” I said the words breathlessly and looked over at the window. It was gray and wet today, the Texas sunshine I’d gotten so used to replaced by gloomy weather.

			“That’s great, hon.” José’s voice had that same worried tone he’d had since yesterday. It was New Year’s Day and instead of being hungover and sleeping in with Rocco, I was on my couch wearing the same clothes I’d worn forty-eight hours ago, and utterly miserable. I couldn’t even take a deep breath.

			I put my head on my knees, my arms tightened around myself. Tears just seeped out of my eyes on their own. There was no helping it, and if I had it in me to feel anything at all, I would’ve been furious at myself for letting this happen again.

			I heard movement and turned around to see José texting furiously, his face grim as he tapped his phone. Salome was just sitting there looking worried. I was so tired of being the pathetic friend who got dumped.

			“Guys, I’ll be fine. Why don’t you just go home?” I laughed, trying desperately to show even some semblance of normalcy.

			It didn’t work.

			They shook their heads in unison. “No, mi amor. We’re staying right here. Besides, where the hell are we even going to go?” That was Salome. She was right. We were supposed to all be at Rocco’s today for a boozy brunch. Maybe he was still doing it.

			“You guys can go to his place for the brunch.” I didn’t have to say who. “I won’t feel betrayed or anything.”

			At this, José snapped his head up and gave Salome a weird look. I wanted to ask them if they knew how he was doing, if he was okay, and I hated myself for it. Because even after all this, I still loved him. I missed him.

			I shuddered out a breath, and went back to staring at the window. “His place probably doesn’t feel like a funeral. You guys should go.”

			I heard them whisper behind me and I closed my eyes, trying to shut it out, then José’s voice got louder.

			“No. I’m going to tell her.” I snapped my head up to find Salome and José in a stare-off.

			“J, it is not our business to tell her, we don’t even know what’s going on.”

			José’s face was blotchy when he stood up. He walked over and sat on the coffee table right across from me. Beyond him I saw the box of canned pigeon peas Rocco had brought when he picked me up at the airport. I ruthlessly shut down the memory of him teasing me about how he got them because he thought I’d run out.

			But when I really looked at Salome and José, I finally understood there was something serious going on. Her face looked scared, worried. His was angry and sad.

			“What happened?” I asked, knowing it had to somehow be about Rocco.

			“What happened is that I’m not going to let you think that man doesn’t love you.”

			“José—” Salome balked, clearly alarmed.

			“No!” José yelled as he stood up again, both hands up like he needed to keep a distance, to say what he needed to say. “I would give anything—anything—to get a do-over of those last hours with James.” He was openly sobbing now and I had no idea what was happening. I stood up to hug him while Salome looked on, terrified of all the emoting going on. I almost laughed.

			He pulled away after a second, wiping his eyes roughly. “This is not about me. This is about you, Julia.” He said it looking at Salome, who stood there shaking her head in resignation. “Rocco ended up telling the board that he thought keeping Sturm’s integrity was more important than the IPO. He stood up there and asked them to keep the foundation programs, hon.” I kept my eyes focused on his fluttering hands as my head spun.

			I felt dizzy from all the things running through my head. “He did what?”

			“He basically put his job on the line, his project, and the promotion he was counting on trying to make a case for keeping the social responsibility programs intact.”

			I stood and before I knew it, I had my coat on and my keys in my hand. “That asshole. Why does he think he needs to fix everything for everyone?”

			Salome and José both smiled at my outrage. “Is he okay? Did something happen with his job?”

			This time they both looked down, and my heart sunk. It was Salome who spoke this time. “He got fired. He needs to be out of his apartment by the end of the week. Looks like those two guys who had been giving him a hard time here made a stink with his bosses. Tariq said that shit hit the fan for real. He’s going back to the city as soon as he’s packed up.”

			I’d heard enough. “That stubborn motherfucker. He was going to leave without even saying goodbye?” I knew tears were running down my face. “I’m going over there,” I said, as I got my bag. I probably looked a wreck but I didn’t care. “If he thinks I’m just going to let him walk out on me, he has another thing coming.”

			Rocco

			The sharp knock on the door made us all jump.

			I looked up from my slump on the couch to see Dani and Tariq, who had been here all day “holding my white ass down.” Tariq looked to the door, his eyebrows high on his forehead. Just yesterday, he’d informed me he’d been offered a job in the foundation’s finance department, and that he was going to take it. So Tariq was a real NYC exile now.

			“Did you guys order food?” They both stood up on the third knock and seemed like they were looking for an escape route.

			Tariq was about to say something when we heard Julia’s muffled yelling from outside my door.

			“Rocco. Fucking. Quinn. You better open this damn door. Right. Now.”

			Tariq and Dani had their coats on and were already flashing me deuces by the time I got up.

			“We’re gonna bounce, my man,” Tariq said, clearly too scared to open the door himself.

			Dani just nodded as he wearily looked at the piece of wood Julia was pounding on like it was about to explode. My heart was thumping in my chest as I reached for the doorknob.

			She was here.

			I wasn’t sure if she’d just come to tell me off one last time, but the need to see her was practically forcing my limbs to get the door open. I closed my eyes and pulled on the doorknob. When I opened the door, air filled my lungs for the first since I left her apartment.

			She look tired and like she’d been crying, her eyes red-rimmed. Her hair was up in a messy bun, and her clothes rumpled. She was the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen, and she was standing in my doorway holding four huge bags from... Pet Mart?

			Her eyes flashed as she ran them over me. “You look terrible.” Her voice caught on that last word, but she rushed into the apartment before I got a chance to answer.

			Dani and Tariq who were already on the move, each with an arm up like they wanted to give her a hug but were afraid she’d punch them if they tried. They both knew better than to mess with a Queens girl when she was in a mood.

			She put the bags gently on the floor and she stared them down. “So I guess you guys split up, half at mine and the other half here.”

			“We’re heading out.” Dani sounded spooked and Tariq was clearly not trying to get on her radar. They hurried out, shutting the door behind them, and then it was just us.

			I didn’t dare make a move to touch her. I didn’t dare try and explain. I was paralyzed under her scrutiny.

			“So you broke up with me and blew up your job.”

			She looked hurt and I wanted to hide from the knowledge that I’d put it there. “I don’t need a hero, Rocco.”

			She came closer and I moved to meet her, then remembered I had no right to touch. My nose flared as I took in her scent, that faint smell of the coconut-and-lemon lotion she used.

			“Why did you do it, Rocco? I want to hear you say it, because even though these past couple of days have been terrible, I know you’re not cruel.”

			At that moment we heard a high-pitched meow coming from the bedroom, and we both turned to look at Pulga, who was now almost twice the size she’d been at Thanksgiving. She came straight up to Julia and started demanding attention.

			Her serious face softened and she kneeled down to pet the kitten. “Hey, baby girl. I missed you.” For all that Julia talked about hating my cat, she certainly wasn’t acting like she did. Even if Pulga was permanently banned from Julia’s place. Probably so was I, now that I thought about it.

			Julia picked Pulga up and cradled her in her arms as the cat alternated between rubbing her little head against Julia’s sweater and sending me mutinous looks, as if to say, “Why would you mess with this?”

			I was having trouble figuring out what to do or say, because not only was Julia in my apartment, she was cuddling my cat, who she almost consistently refused to touch. And yet she’d brought her presents?

			I moved to the kitchen, trying to buy myself time. I knew Julia would make me talk. She was not going to let me get away with brooding.

			I grabbed a couple of the kombuchas she’d gotten me addicted to and offered her one. She shook her head and kept petting Pulga.

			“I’m not thirsty, and I need to know, Rocco.”

			“I was planning to just do what Phil asked; with Blue and the CPS situation, I felt like I had no choice. But in the end Sofia talked some sense into me, and I knew I couldn’t go through with it. I wouldn’t be able to live with myself, and even if you hated me for the way I acted I’d at least have a clear conscience.” I scoffed, thinking how poorly my plan had gone. “Not that it mattered. The board still voted for the IPO.”

			“You could’ve told me the turmoil you were in, Rocco. That you were under pressure, knowing that would’ve helped.”

			I went over to the couch and sat there as I thought about what she was saying. “I didn’t want to complicate things any more than they already were. It doesn’t matter either way though.” I laughed bitterly and looked up at her again, willing her to get closer. “I ruined everything for nothing.”

			She came over then and sat next to me on the couch, carefully put Pulga down, and then turned to me. “We got the funding.”

			“What?”

			She shook her head and looked at me like I was a misguided idiot. “We got the funding. Gail just called me to say the twins have assured her they’ll continue to support us.”

			All the air left my body at once. “So you’ll be all right, then?”

			“Oh no. You’re not going to do your selfless-hero act with me. I still need to hear why it was so easy for you to break things off between us. Why did you let me think you didn’t care about me, Rocco?” Her voice broke then and I couldn’t not touch her when she was so close. I reached out, but at the last second stopped.

			“Can I?”

			“Can you what?”

			“Can I touch you?” My hand was hanging in the air, floating by her ear.

			She rolled her eyes and breathed out. “You’re an idiot.” She pushed forward and before I knew it our lips were touching, her mouth pressed with mine. “Why do you think I’m here, Rocco? For fuck’s sake.”

			We pulled back and her face was all business again, and she turned back to where Pulga was nosing through the bags on the floor. Julia glanced up at me with a look of complete exhaustion, then gestured to the floor. “Help me out with these.”

			“So you went shopping?”

			Before I could say more, she pulled out a cat bed exactly like the one she and I had picked out for Pulga the day I’d found her.

			She put it down on the floor and looked up at me, looking as confused as I was. “I don’t know, I needed to clear my head before I got here, so I stopped at the store. I bought things for Pulga, so she can have them when you come over to my place.” This time the tears spilled over and streaked her face. “I wanted you to know, you stubborn dumbass, that there is a place for you and your damn cat in my life. Even after it seemed so easy for you to give up on us.”

			That’s when I broke. “I’m so sorry.”

			She shook her head as she ran the back of her hand over her nose, her face streaked with tears. Her voice was clogged when she spoke. “I don’t even know why I got this stuff since you’re leaving.” Her eyes looked bleak as she pulled out more duplicates of Pulga’s things. “Were you really going to do that? Were you going to leave without even saying goodbye?”

			She was openly sobbing now and I knew tears were streaming down my face too.

			“I thought I’d messed up your job, Julia. I thought I had wrecked your program. That you’d hate me for it.”

			She came closer, her eyes widening in confusion like she had no idea what I was talking about.

			“Rocco.” She stopped after one word, her chest moving up and down, gasping for breath. “I am not better off without you.”

			“I didn’t want to be selfish.” I was barely keeping it together. My voice gave out in the last word and that was when she finally came to me. She put both arms around my neck and pushed up, pressing her lips to mine. How could I ever think I’d be okay without her?

			She was holding on so tightly to me. I knew like me she was still struggling with how close we’d come to losing this. How my baggage and my issues almost threw it all away. I licked into her mouth and it tasted like her tears. They tasted like my future.

			“You stubborn man. Don’t ever do this again. It will never be better for me without you.”

			I finally let myself hear that. Let myself believe it.

			“I don’t know if I can be enough, Julia.”

			She looked up and her eyes flashed, furious, and I felt everything in my body align. She shook her head as she hugged me. “You’re better than enough. You’re mine.”

			I turned to look at the couple of boxes of books and things I’d accumulated since I’d been here. Julia turned to look at them and sighed. Neither of us wanted to be the first to say it. I pushed our foreheads together and spoke in a low voice. “I have to go.”

			She nodded and pressed herself against me again. “I know, but you don’t have to be on your own anymore. We’ll figure it out.”

			I thought about the mess I’d have to deal with back in New York, about needing a new job, about Sofia and Blue, and I almost caved from the weight of it all. But she was here and I would figure out how to make my way here too. This place and her had become my home.

			And I had people. I didn’t have to do any of it on my own. “I want to make this work. I want to find a way to come back here.” Sofia had said she would too, so maybe there was a chance. Maybe...

			She grabbed my hand and pulled me to the couch with her. We walked by Pulga, who was busy inspecting all her new toys.

			I closed my eyes, remembering the mess my parents had made of Sofia’s life, again.

			“I think we would all be better off here. Blue and Sofia too. I just can’t make any decisions until a few things are clearer.”

			“We’ll figure it out.”

			The way she looked at me, with such certainty. I felt like I could trust it was true.

			“I know,” I said, smiling at her. “We just need to get through the next few months. I’m out of a job and need to get Sofia away from my parents once and for all. But before we get into all that, I owe you something.”

			My heart started racing thinking of all the things that were up in the air, but I had to say it before any of it could really start. “I love you.”

			She smiled that smile that only happened for me and she leaned in close, so much that our foreheads smashed together. “I know. I love you too.”

			I closed my eyes, breathing out some of the tension of the last two days. “It’s going to be hard, but we can do this.”

			Julia nodded and brought her hands to either side of my face. “You have me now, baby. Even if we can’t see each other until you figure things out with your sister. I’ll be here waiting. We’re doing this, right?”

			I nodded, feeling grateful and overwhelmed, hoping we could figure things out. “I hope I can come back here to you, that I can bring Sofia too. All of us together.”

			There was not much that was certain right now, but for the first time I felt like I had something solid. I was grounded in the people in my life, in my friends, in Julia.

			As her lips touched mine, I felt like the entirety of my life was centering on this moment, on sealing this promise we were making. It’d been so long since I’d touched her, since I’d felt her skin under my hands.

			I gasped, suddenly desperate for her. “Julia.”

			Her eyes were mirror images of my own hunger. I stole my tongue into her mouth. Ravenous for her. Just as I was about to make quick work of her clothes, my phone rang.

			I cursed and she sighed, but it was the ringer I had for work people.

			I grabbed it from the coffee table and when I saw the number, I turned the phone so Julia could see.

			She sounded as puzzled as I felt. “Mitzy Sturm?”

			I put her on speaker and answered. “Ms. Sturm, how can I help you?”

			I heard two matching scoffs at my greeting. “I thought we’d gotten past formalities, Rocco.” I smiled at her cantankerous tone. “We wanted to hear how you’re getting on since that asshole Phil managed to get you fired.”

			I took a deep breath and looked over at Julia, who sucked her teeth at the mention of Sturm’s CFO. “I’m all right. Getting ready to go back to New York and start looking for work.”

			One of them clicked her tongue and I could almost see the thunderous expressions on their faces. “We were hoping you’d still be in town.”

			I shrugged at Julia, who was looking confused. “What can I do for you?”

			“Well, Muffy and I let Duke buy us out. We’re no longer part of Sturm’s.” I knew they’d considered leaving if the IPO was approved.

			“I’m sorry to hear that,” I said honestly.

			I heard her sigh. “It was time. We wanted to move on, spend the rest of the time we had before retirement building something. The Sturm family’s legacy has to be more than the stores. We kept the foundation, and that’s where you hopefully come in.”

			I had no clue where this was going. “Ma’am?”

			This time they both laughed. “That just rolled off your tongue. I guess this town is finally rubbing off on you.”

			Julia and I both grinned at that, but were brought back to the conversation by Muffy’s no-nonsense tone. “Let me cut to the chase. We need a finance guy to help us run this foundation. We have an endowment from our grandfather of almost two hundred and fifty million dollars. And we’re not interested in running day-to-day operations. We want to focus on the vision, the big picture.”

			I sat down as Julia barely contained a yelp.

			“Really?”

			“Yes, really. Rocco, you’re the kind of guy we need. We need someone with values that he can stick to. No matter what. So what do you say? Do you want to exchange that Mets hat for a cowboy one?”

			I took Julia’s hand in mine, as I leaned in to give them an answer.





Epilogue


			Six Months Later


			Julia

			“Looks like Pulga finally’s going to need to learn how to share your attention,” I said jokingly, as I walked back into the house after seeing off the last of the Exiles. They’d been over for a housewarming of our new place. I looked down at Rocco, who was trying to build a Magna-Tile castle with Blue while Pulga did her best to trample the structure.

			I shook my head, watching Blue trying to protect her blocks from Pulga’s wrath.

			Sofia smiled at them. “She’s a menace. Whoever heard of a cat with a leash?” She laughed as Rocco looked up from his spot on the carpet.

			“Hey, she likes going on walks.”

			We both rolled our eyes at him. Sofia and Blue had come over too, since they were now official Gotham Exiles. They’d been in Dallas for almost a month and we’d started a tradition of having them over for dinner on Sunday nights.

			The last six months had been wild and full of changes, but Rocco had managed to balance it all and had finally delivered on his promise to his sister. As I sat there enjoying the sight of my man, looking at peace and happy, my heart filled with love and pride for him—for us and the life we’d built here.

			Rocco had taken the job as CFO for the Sturm Foundation just weeks after that call from the twins, and he loved his job. He’d gone back and forth to New York to help Sofia make the transition and finally, after many logistical pieces coming together, she and Blue arrived in Dallas and moved into my old apartment. Like me, Sofia was in love with a place that had more bathrooms than people. Their parents hadn’t made the transition easy, but with a lot of intervention from Coach and even some help from me, we’d managed to get Sofia settled and his parents at least willing to do a Skype call with the baby once a week.

			Sofia and Blue’s arrival had finally given Rocco and me a reason to make our own living arrangements official, and we were now sharing the little bungalow he’d rented after accepting the twins’ job offer. I must’ve been making a particularly cheesy face because Rocco stopped what he was doing and blew me a kiss.

			Next to me, Sofia yelped in feigned horror. “Yo, what’s the deal with you two and the PDA?”

			I laughed and turned to her. “Hey, I can’t help it if your brother is the hottest man in Texas.”

			This time she did look terrified. “Oh my God, y’all do the most.”

			Rocco smiled, pointing at his baby sister. “Ooh, Texas is rubbing off on you. Was that a ‘y’all’ I heard?”

			She rolled her eyes at his teasing and stood up. “Okay, enough of that. I’m leaving. I got school and work tomorrow and Blue has day care.” She walked over to her little girl, who was happily playing with the cat as she sucked her thumb. As soon as she bent down to her, Blue raised her arms.

			Groaning, Sofia picked her up. “Baby girl, you’re getting so big. Pretty soon Uncle Rocco will be the only one who can pick you up.” At the mention of her favorite person, Blue smiled and cheered.

			“Unca Rock.”

			I walked over to him and extended my arm to pull him up. As I expected, he held on to me and came in for a kiss as soon as he was standing. “Hi.”

			“Hi.” I tried hard not to grin like an idiot, but it was really fucking hard to keep my cool whenever I saw those blue eyes twinkling in my direction. “I make it too easy for you.”

			That smile was going to be the end of me.

			“It’s because you love me,” he said, as Sofia moved around the apartment gathering her things before heading home.

			“I do,” I said, pressing a kiss to his mouth.

			The Gotham Exiles were finally home.



* * *





Acknowledgments


			Found families are one of my favorite things to write because of how much they have meant in my own life. I left home at twenty-three and spent the next fourteen years going on adventures. Every place I landed I found people who became family, who made the new strange place familiar, and I am so much better because of each of those friendships.

			To my first NYC friends, Traci and Nikoleta... The Ethiopia crew, Carmen, Marcia, Andrea, Esther Mary, the kiddos and the spouses... You made a home for me when I was so far from my own and I will be forever grateful. To the Ithaca fam, Ellen, Tammy, Andy, Tiffany and all the AC friends... You made a cold place so warm for us.

			There are so many people who helped make this book happen, and I am so thankful for all of them.

			To my readers who have found my stories and connected with these Afro-Latinx characters, you have been a blessing in so many ways.

			Kerri Buckley, my editor. It’s a special thing when someone can see the things in my stories that are most important to me and not just value them, but understand them. I am so fortunate to be able to work on more books with you.

			The Carina PR and Marketing team, for all you do to get my stories out there and your constant support.

			Linda Camacho, for everything.

			My writing community. The friends I’ve made on this journey have kept me sane and kept me going, and I am so blessed to have them there to cheer me on.

			Always to my partner and my girl who are still my biggest supporters.

			Keep reading for an excerpt from American Dreamer by Adriana Herrera.





American Dreamer


			by Adriana Herrera


			Chapter One


			Nesto

			“So, this is it? You’re really taking off to that wilderness upstate.”

			I looked up from where I was trying to shove another gigantic container into the back of my food truck, and saw Camilo, one of my three best friends, walking down the sidewalk wearing oversized sunglasses and holding an enormous cup of coffee.

			Late as always.

			He was supposed to be here an hour ago, but could he manage to make it on time to help me literally pack up my entire life? No.

			“What the fuck, Milo? You’re an hour late, pendejo! I’ve been waiting on you since seven a.m. You know I’m on a schedule, man. I can’t have this truck sitting here all morning!” I cringed thinking of everything I needed to get done in the next twenty-four hours.

			“We need to be on the road by nine if I’m going to be ready for the gig tomorrow. I shouldn’t have let Mamí talk me into opening this thing the day after getting up there.”

			Milo looked at me shaking his head, then put down his coffee and crossed his arms over his chest like he had all the time in the world.

			“Chill out, you’ll be fine. Your mother already has your food order waiting at the commercial kitchen she found you. As soon as we get in, she’ll be deploying people to make sure you’re ready to go. Besides Juanpa, Patrice, and I will be there tonight to help too. Don’t worry so much, pa. It’s only like a five-hour drive. We’ll be there by two, tops.”

			I took a deep breath, because I knew arguing with Milo would probably mean I’d either get going even later or that he’d get himself so worked up he’d crash my damn car on the interstate.

			“Dude, can you be at least a little sympathetic? This is a big fucking deal for me. I’m moving out of New York City, my home since I was six years old, to try and get a food truck business going upstate.”

			I reached over for another container and huffed in exasperation. “If I had a beard and a man bun I’d be a cancelled show on Food Network.”

			Milo’s face softened, and he started chuckling while he finally got his ass in gear and walked a box to the truck. “You’re so over the top sometimes. But okay,” he said, raising his hands. Palms out. “It’s only a six-month trial, you can always come back. Your truck is doing fine here. It’s not like you’re going out of business or anything. People love those burritos.”

			He grabbed his coffee and drank deeply before continuing with his pissy pep talk.

			“I mean, true, it’s hard to make a living out here with all the competition, but your food sells well. You’ve been killing it at Smorgasburg when you’re down in Brooklyn. Those hipsters go crazy over your shit.”

			I shook my head forcefully at his words as I slammed the back doors of the truck closed.

			I stepped away from the vehicle, taking a long look at it. Emblazoned on the back was the logo for my business, OuNYe, Afro-Caribbean Food in huge bold black font on a red background. The black and red contrasted with the flags of the Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, Cuba, Haiti and Jamaica painted over the entire truck.

			To name my business, I used a word from the Yoruba language. Which had been spoken all over the Caribbean by our ancestors, the West Africans who were brought there as slaves. Ounje is the Yoruba word for nourishment, and I’d decided to play a bit with things and put the NY right at the center.

			The two worlds that made me merged into one word.

			OuNYe was my baby. I put my blood, sweat, and tears into getting this idea off the ground. Street food filled with the flavors of the Caribbean. My roots and those of Juan Pablo, Camilo and Patrice, my three best friends. The food we had grown up with and had been our connection to where we came from, while our families tried to make a life here in the Big Apple.

			Now I was taking one last shot at making my living from it.

			I looked over at Milo, who was still gulping down coffee. “I’ve been doing this for two years, and I need to be able to make a decent living. I’m not going to be sweating it out for the rest of my life, to barely break even. If I can’t get it off the ground like I want to in Ithaca, I’m done. Se acabo.”

			Milo clicked his tongue like it was taking every ounce of patience he had not to hit me upside the head.

			“Oh my god, you gotta stop. You’ve agonized over this move for a year. You’ll be doing business like gangbusters up there. You’re gonna kill it. You know white people love ‘ethnic’ food wrapped in a tortilla.”

			He held up his hands with his index fingers hooked together, ready to start pulling out the receipts to shut down my bullshit.

			“First of all, the concept is awesome, and your food is delicious. Second, there isn’t any Caribbean food anywhere up there. Now stop whining before I lose my temper with you! I’ve had like three sips of this coffee and you know better than to aggravate me when I’m not properly caffeinated.”

			I could only laugh, “You’re an idiot.”

			This is why I knew Milo and the guys coming along for the drive up was a good idea. Because despite the fact that he was salty as fuck sometimes, the guy could give a hell of a pep talk. I walked to my Prius, which Milo would be driving up to Ithaca, met him by the driver’s side door, and handed him the keys.

			“Here, don’t drive like a fucking maniac. I texted you the address where we’ll stop for lunch. There’s a truck stop so we can park. Patrice and Juanpa already left in J’s truck. They’ll meet us there. Again, do not drive while reading something on your phone or text the guys while the car is moving.”

			“Pshh, you’re being mad extra today.” Milo blew me off. “Stress is not a good look on you, pa.” He scrunched his face, pressing the point as he got in the car. “See you in a couple of hours.” I stepped back and watched him set up the Google maps on his phone and drive off with a little wave.

			I went back to stand by the truck and looked around one last time. It was a beautiful Sunday morning in New York City. The sun was shining and it was going to be a perfect spring day.

			People in this corner of Manhattan, right up against the Hudson River, were already buzzing past me, heading to jobs and lives. Going after their little piece of the American dream. I choked up because this felt final, like it would never be my New York City again. This place was not just where I lived, it was part of my DNA, and I was convinced I would never feel at home anywhere else.

			After twenty-seven years of calling this place mine, I was leaving.

			I took one last look at my surroundings and inhaled the smell of fresh coffee and hot oil from the empanada cart down the street. I stood right off Broadway, on 155th street, Boricua College on my right, Trinity Church Cemetery on my left, and the Hudson straight ahead. This had been my neighborhood for almost eight years, and I was going to miss it. I was going to miss all of it.

			I sighed as I made my way back to the truck and climbed in. I got the map up on my phone, pushed down my sunglasses, and started the truck.

			I was ready.

			I was going after my dream, to pursue my passion. As I headed out of the city, I looked out and said a silent “See you soon.”

			If it didn’t work out in Ithaca, I’d be back soon enough.

			I was a son of New York City, and she would always have me back with open arms.



* * *



			The day ended up being perfect for a long drive. Just a bit before two p.m. I took the exit for Ithaca and began to feel the nervous anticipation of what was to come. I was adventurous when it came to travel or trying new things, but not with my livelihood.

			Immigrants didn’t fuck around with a steady stream of income. If you were making a decent living, you worked your ass off to keep it on lockdown.

			Pursuing your passion? Risking everything on a dream?

			That was for people with trust funds, not a Dominican kid from the Bronx.

			While I coasted down the rural two-lane road that led to my destination, I thought about what this move meant. It’d been terrifying to leave a good and secure job to try my luck in something so unpredictable, and where the chances for utter failure were sky-high. Sure, I was confident in my skills, in my food, but I knew there would be a long way down if I failed.

			This was not just a side-hustle anymore. I was going all-in with my business. It felt big, like it could change everything.

			Before I got to my mom’s, I decided to stop at the gas station where I was going to park the truck for lunch services, and check out the location. I was low on gas too, so I could kill two birds with one stone.

			Navigating one of the many hills of Ithaca entering downtown, it was like I was seeing it for the first time. I drove by houses painted in bright colors and narrow streets full of trees laden with flowers. It was so green and quaint here. I wasn’t sure how I’d fit in, being so used to the fast pace of the city.

			I turned the steering wheel of the truck and wedged into an empty spot next to a pump. I jumped out and glanced around, taking in the location. I couldn’t help the grin that broke out on my face. Of course my mom would somehow manage to find me the best possible spot in town. It was right by the public library and all around were commercial buildings. There would be a lot of foot traffic during the week.

			I kept looking around as I filled the tank and didn’t notice the car that drove up on the other side of me. It was a small, green Subaru hatchback with a Human Rights Campaign sticker on the back window. The guy who jumped out was gorgeous. He had the blondest hair I’d ever seen, and was wearing tight jeans and a black NPR t-shirt.

			For some reason his shirt struck me as hilarious, and as he was pushing up his Ray-Bans to look at the screen on the pump, a laugh burst out of me. He turned around with a startled expression, probably looking for the jackass laughing at him for no reason. The intensity of his blue eyes, and the way his mouth pursed and then turned up into a smirk like he wasn’t sure if he should get pissed or laugh too, made the laugh die in my throat. He was so pretty, and currently looking at me like there was something seriously wrong with me.

			I put my hand up in an attempt to apologize for my bizarre behavior. “Sorry, man. Ignore me. I’m just a bit punchy from a long drive.”

			He didn’t respond, just kept staring me, looking confused. I quickly finished up, and almost left without saying anything. But at the last second decided not to be an asshole and called out, “Have a nice day” before jumping in the truck.

			I sent a quick text to my mom to let her know I’d be at her place soon and pulled out of the station. As I drove, I mused that if the blond was a sample of the men running around town, I’d need to look into some socializing opportunities. Then I remembered I was here to run a business, not to get laid.

			I needed to get my head in the game and remember if this plan didn’t work out my only prospect at the moment was going back to TPS reports and coming up with ways to make fro-yo sound “a little more urban.”

			After a few minutes navigating my truck through the tight residential streets of Ithaca I turned onto my mom’s block and saw her waiting outside.

			She was wearing a flowing white linen shirt, her long salt-and-pepper curls falling down her back. As a boy I thought she was the most beautiful woman in the world, and that was still the case. These days she was embracing the natural look; had given up wearing makeup and relaxing her hair.

			I parked the truck in the empty space in front of her house, which I knew she must have been guarding furiously all day.

			“M’ijo! You made it,” she yelled out as I walked over to her. “Look at you, so handsome. Your hair is getting long, papí,” she griped as she gave me a bear hug and kissed both my cheeks.

			“Mamí, you look gorgeous. I like this blouse. Very Stevie Nicks.”

			Complimenting her on her clothes and how great she looked was first and foremost.

			She smacked my arm but the big smile on her face gave her away.

			“Muchacho, Stevie Nicks is a lot older than me!”

			She pulled on the hem of the shirt as we walked, as if only now noticing what she was wearing. “Besides, this old thing? Your Tía Maritza got it for me at some hippie clothes sale she goes to. You know how she is, goes overboard, buys too many things, and then I end up with half of them!”

			I raised an eyebrow, because she was just as bad as Tía Maritza with the shopping.

			“You two are hilarious.”

			She put her hand around my waist as we walked up the sidewalk. “Tell me about the drive. Did you have any trouble?”

			I was thinking how much I’d missed having my mom and sister close by, when a pinch on my arm got my attention. “Sorry, Mamí. Drive was good,” I said as we got to the door of my mom’s little house.

			One thing was certain, even if things flopped with the truck it would be nice to have family close again. My mom moved up to Ithaca eight years before. She wanted a more sedate environment for my little sister Minerva to go to school, and decided to join Tía Maritza and Tío Tonin who’d been here for years. I’d been out of college and working then, so I stayed behind. I looked down at her smiling face as she ushered me into the house.

			“Good. Come in your sister should be home soon, and your tíos are on their way over. We’re all so happy you’re here, papí.” I got another squeeze.

			“The guys are inside,” she said, trying her best to look grumpy, and failing completely. “They’ve only been here for fifteen minutes and Juanpa’s already eaten all my food.”

			I just grinned down at her. “Don’t even front like you’re mad, Mamí. I know you love having a house full of people.”

			She looked up at me with a blank look on her face, as if she wasn’t sure what my point was. “Nesto’s home!” she called while she went for another hug.

			I loved seeing my mom in her home. She’d busted her ass as a single mom for so long to give us a good life. She’d kept us out of trouble and was an amazing role model, but it all came at a cost.

			She never stopped. She worked hard, and always knew what was up with school, with friends, and on the block. All while going to night school, and sending money home to help the family back in the DR. If anyone deserved to slow down and smell the roses, it was Nurys Maldonado.

			We stood by the door arm in arm and then my mom waved toward the kitchen. “Let me go start some coffee.” She gave me one last peck on the cheek before she hurried off.

			I spotted Milo sprawled on the couch messing with his phone. “Did Milo do anything to my car?” I asked my mom, who was already in the kitchen.

			Mamí smiled in Camilo’s direction while she bustled around. “Car looks fine to me, but you know Milo. As soon as he got here he started moaning about getting lost three times and cursing out Juanpa and Patrice for not picking up when he called them.”

			I looked over and saw my friends filling my mom’s living room. My brothers. I wouldn’t have them just a few subway stops away anymore. I tried to shake off the feeling of unease the thought brought me and focused on all the stuff we needed to get done before they went back to the city.

			But before I could get to them, my uncle and aunt were barreling into the house making a fuss over me, and talking over each other asking about the truck.

			“Nesto! M’ijo. Look at you. You look more like your abuelo every day. Doesn’t he, Nurys?” my aunt asked my mom as she engulfed me in a tight hug.

			Tía Maritza was a slightly thinner and older version of my mom. The same bronzed skin, the curly hair, tall and curvy. She didn’t look a day over forty-five, even though sixty-two was just a few months away. She and Tío Tonin had been married for almost forty years and still looked at each other like they were high school sweethearts.

			“What’s good, Tío? You letting Tía Maritza feed you too much of that platano?” I asked, patting the little bulge around his waistband.

			He laughed heartily as he went in for a bear hug.

			Tonin as always had a big smile on his face, and at sixty-five his dark brown skin was still free of any wrinkles. My uncle had always been like a father to me. He taught me by example how a man should act toward those he loved. I hoped when the time came, like him, I could be the type of man who put his people first.

			“It’s good to have you home, mi muchacho. Your mother’s been putting the pressure on us all week getting everything ready for you. We’ve been talking up the truck in town too, people are excited for the Caribbean burritos.”

			“That’s good, man, I need to sell a lot of them if I’m going to make rent!” I said, clapping his back as he moved to put his arm around Tía Maritza’s shoulders.

			“Tía, you’re looking younger every year.” She preened and gave me another kiss.

			“We’re so happy you’re here, papí.”

			“It’s good to be here. How’s Pri doing? I haven’t seen her in a minute.” At the mention of my cousin, my aunt’s face shone with pride.

			“She’s great. She may be here tomorrow. Hopefully you can see her.”

			“Definitely.” I nodded and looked over at the guys who were lounging on my mom’s furniture. Juanpa’s stank face told me he probably heard us talking about Priscilla.

			He was ridiculous.

			Those two had a love/hate thing going on since we were kids, and apparently they were back to hating each other.

			“Yo, are you bums just going to lounge over here all afternoon? We got shit to do!”

			Juanpa squinted up at me while he sipped some kind of Frappuccino looking thing.

			“I’m taking a break, son. I just drove five hours hauling all your shit out here. Let me enjoy my independent coffee shop beverage, pa.” He lifted his cup. “They got a drive-thru barista situation in town. This shit is fire. They need to open one of these places in the city.”

			He looked so happy sucking down on that straw.

			“Okay, man, drink your sugar bomb first, but we need to unload your truck before you leave tonight.” Juanpa went back to focus on his drink and doing something on his phone and just nodded, already distracted. I looked over at Milo who was hunched over, looking at something on Patrice’s laptop.

			“What did I tell you about calling people while driving my car, man?”

			Patrice shook his head and grinned as he typed, but knew better than to try and make a joke about Camilo’s driving. Milo flipped me off, looking like he was about to curse me out, when I saw my sister Minerva coming up the path to the house.

			She was so tall, and was looking more like Mamí every day. She was just a few inches shorter than my six feet two by now. We didn’t have the same dad, but everyone said we were identical as babies, same light brown skin with a tint of red. Whenever we ran or laughed too hard our whole faces flushed. Her hair was straighter than mine, and my eyes were a lighter brown, but we both had our mom’s face. Full mouth, broad nose and thick eyelashes. Minerva’s were so long they looked fake.

			She was gorgeous, just like Mamí.

			I went to meet her by the door and as soon as she walked in, I picked her up and twirled her around a couple of times.

			“You’re getting too pretty, baby sister. It’s a good thing I’m here, Mamí!” I yelled over my shoulder. “We can start working on the protective fence around the house this weekend. Got to keep the boys away!”

			“Stop it! You’re so extra, Nesto.” She hit me on the shoulder, laughing. “What’s wrong with you? Put me down.”

			“What, you’re too big for your manín to pick you up?” I asked, squeezing her tight. “So, are you dating? What’s his name?”

			I crossed my eyes, making her laugh again.

			“Stop it. Loco.”

			“She had this gringito following her around like a puppy all winter,” my mom said, walking out of the kitchen.

			“He was here all the time, hanging around with a mopey face, and Justin Bieber hair, trying to read poems in Spanish.”

			She clicked her tongue and gave my sister her patented “pobrecita” face, which was half “I feel bad for you” and half “but really I should be mocking you.”

			“I didn’t have the heart to tell him to stop coming over,” she teased Minerva, who was giving her a death glare with the intensity only a sixteen year old could produce. My mom kept going though. “He sabotaged himself enough with that haircut and bad Spanish.”

			We all cracked up while my baby sister silently gave me and the guys the finger as she sat on the couch. Before my mom and Minerva got into something I decided to get people back on track, because the clock was ticking.

			“Okay, mi gente,” I said clapping my hands together. “What’s the plan? We have a lot to get ready if I have the truck scheduled for a lunch service in town tomorrow.” I flashed a smile at my mom who was standing at attention.

			“Mamí, I stopped by the gas station and that spot is going to be lit.” She beamed with pride at my comment. “You said you had all the food at the kitchen, right?”

			“That’s right. Everything’s there ready to go.”

			The “I told you so” face Camilo was flashing my way did not go unnoticed.

			I looked at my watch and saw it was only 2:30 p.m. “Excellent. We have plenty of time to get all the night before food preparation done. Milo and Juanpa, since you guys are driving back tonight we should go to the kitchen and get all the stuff in J’s truck unloaded now.”

			Everyone nodded and people started getting up and ready to get going as I talked.

			“I can get my clothes and stuff moved into the studio with Patrice tonight since he’s here until tomorrow. The woman I’m subletting from texted today and said I can go into the apartment anytime. She left the keys with you, right, Mamí?”

			She patted her bag, which was already slung on her shoulder.

			“Yes, I have them here, I can’t believe you aren’t staying here even one night.”

			I had to nip the guilt tripping in the bud.

			“Mamí, you know it’ll be easier for me. The studio is in Trumansburg, right by where I’ll be parking the truck overnight. It’s closer to the commercial kitchen space we’re renting. It just makes sense for me to be up there.”

			She sighed and came over to pinch my cheek.

			“Yo se, yo se. I just wanted to spoil you a little bit. Anyways, I took the week off so I can help you with the truck, m’ijo. Tía Maritza will also help until you hire some people.”

			Mamí was already headed for the door but called over to my sister who’d gone back to her room for something. “Minerva, vamonos, are you playing with that thing on your phone that gives you rabbit ears again?” She turned around to look at me. “She spends all day making faces at that thing!” She rolled her eyes, while the rest of us lost it, then went back to yelling in the direction of Minerva’s room. “Vamos, muchachita! We need to help out your brother, and you have school tomorrow.”

			Minerva hustled out, looking flustered. “Ay, Mamí, why are you yelling? I’m ready.” My sister hiked her thumb at me, as she walked to the door. “Vamonos, Ernesto.”

			That was it, my people were ready and so was I. The Ithaca chapter of OuNYe was finally off and running.

			Copyright © 2019 by Adriana Herrera





			Don’t miss the Dreamers series by Adriana Herrera!

			AMERICAN DREAMER (book one)

AMERICAN FAIRYTALE (book two)

AMERICAN LOVE STORY (book three)

AMERICAN SWEETHEARTS (book four)

AMERICAN CHRISTMAS (book five)

			Grab your copies now!

			Connect with us for info on our new releases, access to exclusive offers and much more.

			Visit CarinaPress.com

			Other ways to keep in touch:

			Twitter.com/CarinaPress

Facebook.com/HarlequinBooks

Instagram.com/HarlequinBooks

Harlequin.com/Newsletter





			We think you have a good book in you!

			Are you writing in the below genres? The Carina Press editors want to see your manuscript.

			We Are Currently Acquiring

Most subgenres and all heat levels of romance:

			• Contemporary

• Erotic

• Paranormal & Urban Fantasy

• Science Fiction & Fantasy

• Romantic Suspense

• Historical

• Your subgenre here. See our submissions guidelines!

			We want to reaffirm our commitment to inclusion and representation in our publishing program and extend a specific invitation to Black authors, authors of color, disabled authors, LGBTQ+ authors, and other traditionally marginalized and underrepresented voices. We strive to make our list one of inclusion, and are working hard to build a catalog that is more representative of the romance reading public.

			To learn more about our submissions guidelines, please visit: CarinaPress.com/WriteForUs

			All submitted manuscripts receive a thorough editorial review and a response in approximately 12 weeks.





			ISBN-13: 9780369700926

			Here to Stay

			Copyright © 2020 by Adriana Herrera

			All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

			This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

			This edition published by arrangement with Harlequin Books S.A.

			For questions and comments about the quality of this book, please contact us at CustomerService@Harlequin.com.

			Carina Press

22 Adelaide St. West, 40th Floor

Toronto, Ontario M5H 4E3, Canada

www.CarinaPress.com





