				Making the First Move

By Reese Ryan

				Big promotion, complete with $300 pen? Check.

				A hot man who cuddles, spends the night and makes breakfast? Check.

				Waiting for the other shoe to fall? Check.

				“If it feels too good to be true, 						it probably is.”

				Five years of obsessing over her career pays off when Melanie 					Gordon gets a promotion that could make or break her. But the new job takes her 					back to her hometown to face the family she’s distanced herself from, and forces 					her to leave behind sexy, mysterious philanthropist Raine Mason, who just might 					be the man of her dreams.

				By the time Raine makes his move with Melanie, her one-way 					ticket to Cleveland is booked. He convinces her to take a chance on him 					long-distance, but can’t yet trust her with the whole truth about himself.

				Raine and Melanie slowly peel back each other’s layers 					(starting with his bicep-hugging sweater). She is finally ready to give her 					heart to him...until she learns the dark secret of his past. He’ll have to prove 					to her that love is worth the risk.

				94,000 words





		 			 				Dear Reader,

				Welcome to our July lineup of books! If I’m not on the beach somewhere while you’re reading this, there’s something wrong with life (unless you’re reading this in December—in which case, I hope I’m by a fireplace with a cup of hot cocoa in my hand). But no matter where you are while you’re reading this, I can tell you one thing: you’re in for a treat. (Sure, I say that every month, but it’s always true!) This month brings a fun mix of returning authors and debut authors, with fun, contemporary beach reads, some troublesome dragons, a few steps back in time, and characters in a race against time and a fight for their lives.

				Let’s kick off with the perfect beach read. Make sure you pick up Christi Barth’s Love at High Tide. Beach reading doesn’t get much better than this. It starts with a beach rescue, continues with a beach romance, and has sun, sand, sexual tension and two characters you will love.

				Maybe the beach isn’t your thing in the summer, but baseball is. Take a peek at Alison Packard’s The Winning Season. After hitting rock bottom, bad-boy catcher Matt Scanlon is traded to the team he’s loathed since boyhood, and he must confront a painful incident in his past before he can rebuild his life and his career. Once you’ve fallen in love with Matt, go back and read Alison’s debut romance, Love in the Afternoon.

				Continuing in the contemporary romance genre, we have party planner Tess, who can’t believe that hotel manager Jeremy could possibly be interested in her. She’s everyone’s BFF, not friends-with-benefits material. But he’s got more than friendship on his mind in Kate Davies’s Life of the Party, book three in the Girls Most Likely to... series.

				Maybe you like your romance with a side of suspense? If so, check out Anne Marie Becker’s Deadly Bonds, and Betrayed by Trust from Ana Barrons. Two romantic suspense books, four characters in fights for their lives.

				Or maybe you like your romance with a large helping of sexy times? If so, Lynda Aicher’s Bonds of Desire is the book for you. Lawyer Allison English never planned to return to The Den—despite her naughty fantasies about being bound by owner Seth Matthews. But when club guest Tyler Wysong is injured in a scene, Seth turns to Allie for help. Aroused by both men, Allie should turn the case down. But she can’t...

				Joining Lynda in the erotic romance category this month are two male/male titles. First up is His Roommate’s Pleasure by Lana McGregor. Adam had no idea that his jock roommate was gay—and into leashes, paddles, and domination. And Adam, an inexperienced virgin who’s only ever kissed one guy, is surprised to find himself curious about submitting... Then Samantha Ann King returns with the follow-up to her debut romance, Sharing Hailey. In Waiting for Ty, too many beers and four long years of denying their feelings for each other thrust two men together in a lip-lock and a night of no-holds-barred sex that forces them to confront their greatest love and their deepest fears.

				In Sky Hunter, the third and final installment of Fae Sutherland’s male/male space opera romance series, Skybound, the Crux Ansata’s brash and rebellious ship mechanic, Jeret, finds himself face-to-face with a dangerous past he never thought to revisit—and the only man he has never been able to forget.

				Looking for more books in the paranormal category? Start with Ruth A. Casie’s The Guardian’s Witch and Desperate Magic by Rebecca York. And for fans of historical romance, in Georgie Lee’s Hero’s Redemption, a widow and a war hero brought together by a scheme must learn to trust one another and accept the tragedy that links them in order to find love. Meanwhile, historical romance author Susanna Fraser, who can always be counted on to deliver a unique and unusual historical romance, returns with A Dream Defiant, in which a black British soldier marries a beautiful English war widow, but he can’t believe she wants him for himself, and not merely as her bodyguard and protector.

				This month Carina Press is pleased to announce three debut authors. Mystery author Patricia Hale will grip you by the throat with her suspenseful story of retribution, In the Shadow of Revenge. As children they witnessed horror and created a pact, as women they planned their revenge and waited.

				Also debuting this month is Reese Ryan, with Making the First Move. When ambitious HR exec Melanie Gordon falls for sweet, sexy philanthropist Raine Mason, she discovers that his selflessness is driven by a dark and tragic secret that threatens to keep them apart.

				And joining Carina Press with her Golden Heart–winning paranormal romance is debut author Lorenda Christensen. Fans of Katie MacAlister’s Aisling Grey and Light Dragons series will want to check this one out, and so will any fans of fun paranormal romances featuring dragons and heroines with a bit of backbone. In Never Deal with Dragons, the first in a new series, a human mediator bites off more than she can chew when she agrees to partner with an ex-boyfriend to stop a war between two dragon monarchs.

				I hope you enjoy all of this month’s new releases. There’s certainly a variety to choose from, to keep you occupied no matter what your summer (or winter) activity.

				We love to hear from readers, and you can email us your thoughts, comments and questions to generalinquiries@carinapress.com. You can also interact with Carina Press staff and authors on our blog, Twitter stream and Facebook fan page.

				Happy reading!

				~Angela James

Executive Editor, Carina Press

				www.carinapress.com

www.twitter.com/carinapress

www.facebook.com/carinapress





		 			 				Dedication

				For my grandmother, Leila Lewis, a sassy old broad long before they came into vogue.





		 			 				Acknowledgements

				We are the sum of our experiences, good, bad and indifferent. I’m grateful for the people, places and experiences that have shaped my life and fueled my abilities as a storyteller.

				Thank you to my parents for introducing me to a passion for the written word. To my husband and son for their love, patience, encouragement and support. To my ‘YaYa’ sisters for your love and friendship now, and way back when. To Jack DeVeaux and John Flanagan, brilliant storytellers and insightful critique partners. To Tonie Jones, T.L. Champion, Alissa Vaughn, Lynn Turner and all of the amazing women who’ve been my biggest cheerleaders but were never afraid to give me a swift kick when I needed it. To the women behind All Things Girl for challenging me and inspiring me with your courageous, authentic stories. To the Coffee Club and my favorite Diet Coke addict, it was worth every bump and bruise just to meet all of you. You’re all fabulous. Don’t ever let anyone tell you otherwise. To the members of the generous online community of writers who’ve served as mentors, cheerleaders and advocates during this thrilling journey.

				To my amazing editor, Rhonda Helms, thank you for rescuing this story from oblivion and helping me to breathe life into it. You’re equal parts talented, brilliant and funny.





		 			 				Contents

				Chapter One

				Chapter Two

				Chapter Three

				Chapter Four

				Chapter Five

				Chapter Six

				Chapter Seven

				Chapter Eight

				Chapter Nine

				Chapter Ten

				Chapter Eleven

				Chapter Twelve

				Chapter Thirteen

				Chapter Fourteen

				Chapter Fifteen

				Chapter Sixteen

				Chapter Seventeen

				Chapter Eighteen

				Chapter Nineteen

				Chapter Twenty

				Chapter Twenty-One

				Chapter Twenty-Two

				Chapter Twenty-Three

				Chapter Twenty-Four

				Chapter Twenty-Five

				Chapter Twenty-Six

				Chapter Twenty-Seven

				Chapter Twenty-Eight

				Chapter Twenty-Nine

				Chapter Thirty

				Chapter Thirty-One

				Chapter Thirty-Two

				Chapter Thirty-Three

				Chapter Thirty-Four

				Chapter Thirty-Five

				Epilogue

				About the Author

				Copyright





		 			 				Chapter One

				Damien Jasper is brilliant and asshole in equal amounts, wrapped in one stunningly handsome, well-dressed package. And he’s headed directly toward me.

				This cannot be good.

				There are only two reasons Damien Jasper visits the peons this early in the morning. He’s in hot pursuit of a new female employee, or the building is on fire. We haven’t hired anyone new, and the building isn’t on fire. So I’m pretty sure I’m screwed.

				His intense eye contact is unnerving. Especially since Damien’s idea of eye contact usually lands somewhere in the vicinity of my boobs.

				“Good morning, Ms. Gordon.”

				I force a smile. You’d think shoving your tongue down a woman’s throat would give you the right to call her by her first name in perpetuity. But the rules in Damien Jasper’s world are pretty hard to follow. “Good morning, Damien.”

				“When you’re done with your phone call, please come to my office.” The muscles in his face barely stir. His voice is a deep, low rumble.

				My shoulders tense and a hard knot forms in my gut. I nod and force a smile so stiff it’s more of a grimace.

				Damien turns on the heels of chestnut-colored loafers that cost more than my rent.

				My heart is beating a mile a minute. I’ve completely forgotten I’m on the phone.

				“Melanie? You still there?”

				I take a deep breath and nod. “Sorry. Yes, I’m here. I’ve got, like, three minutes.” I look at my watch. “What’s up?”

				Raine clears his throat then attempts to speak. His words come out too fast and at least two octaves higher than his normal speaking voice, like an old vinyl record that’s been sped up.

				“What was that?”

				“Sorry, I just...I wanted to talk to you about...” He sighs. “You know what, you’re busy. We should do this later.”

				“Why don’t I give you a call later tonight or over the weekend?” I watch as the elevator door closes behind Damien.

				“Okay—”

				“Great. I really have to go. Talk to you later.”

				As I return the phone to its cradle, my glass of water topples over. Thank God only my copy of the San Francisco Gazette gets wet. I toss the paper in the trash and take a deep breath. My hands shake like crumpled, brown leaves barely clinging to the trees at the end of fall.

				Damien Jasper’s late-night trysts with overeager female employees are legendary here at Jasper & Graevel. A fact I wasn’t privy to that late night two years ago, when I was invited to accompany him to a client dinner.

				We nailed our pitch over dinner and snagged the new client. Damien, in turn, tried to nail me. I’d had a drink or two more than I should have, at his urging, but I wasn’t drunk enough to believe that screwing the company CEO wouldn’t end badly. I politely extracted his tongue from my mouth, inserted my knee into his crotch and excused myself from the elevator we’d been sharing.

				Jasper & Graevel is a major player in my industry. So rather than raising hell over the incident, I chose to ignore it and hoped Damien would do the same. For the past two years we’ve nodded politely and exchanged pleasantries whenever the situation required it. Still I’ve always had this nagging feeling that one day Damien would exact his revenge. That day, I fear, is today.

				My throat is parched. Wish I had that damned glass of water. I survey my cubicle. Maybe I should box up my things now, rather than suffer the humiliation of stuffing my things in a box while two impatient rent-a-cops hover over me. Legs wobbling, I climb to my feet and take small, wooden steps toward the elevator.

				“You’ve done it this time, Gordon.” Priscilla Cohen, Miss Prissy when she isn’t in earshot, leans against the outside of her cubicle, one hand on her waist. She arches her back to provide us all with a proper view of the size-D cups acquired during her last “vacation.” Her walking-stick-thin frame strains to hold them up.

				I pretend not to hear her, but Priscilla is part pit bull, part crazed stalker. She will not be ignored. She steps into the center of the aisle, her arms folded over her chest.

				“I told you not to hire that fat guy. He could barely talk for all that damn wheezing.” Priscilla hunches her shoulders and imitates Edmond Bennett, the man to whom she’s referring. She draws snickers from a few occupants of nearby cubicles. I garner looks of pity from a few others.

				My cheeks sting, but I’m compelled to defend my candidate. My eyes lock with hers. “Mr. Bennett was a solid candidate with impressive credentials. I haven’t had a single complaint about him or any of my other placements.”

				A menacing smile spreads across Priscilla’s face. “Until today.”

				I sneer and push my way past her. Priscilla teeters on her four-inch heels and grabs the cubicle wall to steady herself. I conceal a wicked smile and nod to acknowledge mental high-fives doled out by a few of my coworkers. If this is going to be my last day at Jasper & Graevel, I’m going out with a bang.

				I punch the Up arrow. The elevator doors creak open. I step inside, half expecting the floor to give way and send me careening down a tube into the basement—where J&G rejects belong.

				I press my back against the wall to steady my legs. Forget wispy-winged butterflies. I’ve got a frickin’ Cirque du Soleil performance happening in my belly and I’m afraid I might lose the raspberry Danish I had for breakfast.

				The elevator jolts to a stop and does a little bounce. Marilyn, Damien’s assistant, buzzes his office and whispers into the receiver as I approach.

				“Hi, Marilyn.” I press my lips into a feeble smile. “I’m here to see Damien.”

				“Yes, I know, dear.”

				I fight the urge to fling myself at her feet and plead for information.

				“Have a seat. He’ll be out when he’s ready for you.” She gestures to an arrangement of chairs covered in buttery leather.

				“So this is where they keep the good chairs.” A high-pitched hyena laugh escapes my lips. I clear my throat. “Thanks, Marilyn.”

				She tells me he won’t be long then hurries down the hall.

				I squeeze my eyes shut, take a deep breath and think of things that make me happy. Things like keeping my job.

				“Ms. Gordon, I see you made it. I’m not interrupting your nap, am I?”

				My eyes widen then blink with the steady rhythm of a motel vacancy sign. I shake my head, unable to speak. Damien leans against the door frame. Impatience flickers behind his azure eyes and settles in the lines around the edges of his mouth. I spring to my feet, nearly covering the distance in a single, awkward leap.

				Damien furrows his brow as he gestures for me to go inside. My boss, Jane Fisher, sits on the far end of a gorgeous sofa draped in pale green Italian silk. The thump of my heart fills my ears.

				“Hi, Jane.”

				“Have a seat, Melanie.” She pats the cushion beside her.

				My legs grow heavier, as if steel ball bearings are embedded in the soles of my shoes and an industrial magnet is underneath the floor. I sit, leaving a safe distance between us.

				Damien takes his place behind his desk in a chair that could double for a throne if the Royal Family were to visit. “Ms. Gordon, have you any idea why you’re here?” His fingertips and thumbs are pressed into a perfect triangle.

				“No, sir.”

				Damien’s piercing blue eyes search mine for a moment. He leans back in his tufted leather chair with his elbows perched on the padded armrests. “Barrington Hathaway called me to say you did an exceptional job with his recent executive search.”

				“How nice of him.” The CEO of Hathaway Products paid me a compliment? Sweet. My shoulders relax.

				“Genevieve Trizzelli called earlier this week to say essentially the same thing. She’s very impressed with you.” Damien leans across his ginormous cherrywood desk and peers at me. His fingers are pressed into that triangle again. “So, Ms. Gordon, what do you think of that?”

				“I’m flattered. I worked hard to make the best match for the clients and the candidates on both accounts. Still, I wouldn’t have expected such high praise from Mr. Hathaway or Ms. Trizzelli. They’re both quite...demanding, I guess is the best word.”

				“Is it?” Damien’s left eyebrow points sharply toward a dark curl that’s defied his hair gel by falling onto his forehead. “I prefer the term ‘pains in my ass.’ Of course, if you ever repeat that, I’ll deny it.”

				Then a miracle occurs. The right corner of Damien’s mouth curls up in what I can only assume is an attempt at a smile. He doesn’t do it often, so the muscles on the left side of his face don’t appear quite strong enough to join in.

				Jane launches into a closed-mouth, throaty laugh. I join in with a subdued laugh of my own. When someone like Damien Jasper makes an attempt to be a decent human being, you have to reward his effort.

				“I’m glad you mentioned the candidates,” Damien says with a look Jane and I both know signals the end of the laughter. “Your work with the larger accounts has been impressive. Yet you still manage to give each candidate personal service.” He nods toward Jane.

				She turns to me, waving a thick green file folder with my name—Gordon, Melanie—typed on the label. My employee file. “I’ve gotten emails from several candidates you’ve placed. This is my favorite.”

				Jane pulls out an email and hands it to me. It’s from Edmond Bennett. His health has improved. He’s dropped twenty pounds now that he’s not in such a stressful environment. His family life is happier. He spends more time with his wife and children.

				Melanie saw what I brought to the table—not the fact that I am an older, overweight man, he writes. The headhunters I dealt with before her were unable to see past that.

				Heart soaring, my mouth stretches into a grin that tightens every muscle in my face. Making the perfect match for a candidate gives me the same satisfaction the typical busybody gets from matching a homely, bucktooth cousin with a Sports Illustrated model. Not that my candidates are bucktooth or homely. For the most part.

				“This makes it all worthwhile for me.”

				“More than the money?” Damien peers at me as if I’ve uttered complete heresy.

				I sense an opportunity. “The money is important. But making a difference to our clients and impacting the lives of our candidates brings me the greatest satisfaction.” I sit back and cross my legs.

				He seems pleased with my answer, as does Jane.

				“Well, Ms. Fisher and I have been discussing your future here at Jasper & Graevel.”

				He has my complete attention. I’ve worked my ass off the past five years for an opportunity like this. My dad was the president of a major personnel firm by the time he was thirty-five. He started his own firm with a friend five years later. It may take me a little longer, but I plan to do the same.

				A hefty raise would also mean I can finally afford to move from my tiny one-bedroom apartment into a two-bedroom condo.

				“You’ve done excellent work during your tenure with Jasper & Graevel. And I see you spent two years managing a smaller executive search firm in Ohio,” Damien continues. “We don’t want to risk losing you to one of our competitors. Besides, superior work should be recognized and compensated.” He nods toward Jane as if they have this speech synchronized.

				Jane places her cold, bony fingers on my forearm. I shiver at her touch, icy as a doctor’s stethoscope against my skin. I suck in a deep breath and hope for good news.

				“We believe you’re ready for promotion,” she says, then smiles, “to regional talent acquisition manager.”

				Impressive title. Does it pay any more than my current position?

				“Wow! I can’t believe it.” I place my hand to my chest. “I’m thrilled you’ve selected me for this new position. What will the job entail?”

				Is this more work, but the same dough?

				Damien’s nostrils flare, his lips drawn into a tight smirk. “It will mean a substantial raise for you and an increased percentage of your placements. You also get your own office.”

				Now he’s talking. Even Jane only has a glorified cubicle. I look around and begin imagining drapes. “Where?”

				“Cleveland,” Jane announces in a voice that would be far more appropriate had I won a million dollars or at least a new car.

				I cover my mouth and cough. “Ohio?”

				Jane nods. “You’re going home.”

				“I didn’t realize we had a Cleveland office.” Panic rises in my chest.

				Jane’s face beams with the pride of an Ivy League valedictorian’s mother. “We’re starting from scratch. You’ll be in charge of setup—including hiring your own staff. Isn’t that wonderful?”

				“It is.” My heart tap-dances in my chest. “Is there any particular reason this region was selected?”

				“I can understand your concerns. But let me assure you, we wouldn’t be expanding there if exciting opportunities weren’t on the horizon.” Damien’s tone is confident. “We’ve closed deals with three mid-sized firms moving into the area within the next eighteen months. The details are still confidential right now, but they’re major players.”

				“And we’re in negotiations with several smaller firms ready to expand,” Jane adds.

				“So this plan has been in the works for some time.” I need to convince myself I’m not being sent to the J&G equivalent of Siberia over the elevator incident. “Has a site been selected?”

				A slight frown furrows Damien’s brow. “It has. Sorry you weren’t part of the selection process, but I’m sure you’ll love the new space.”

				“I don’t remember seeing this job posted.” I grin inwardly as I imagine how Priscilla will take the news. She’ll stage a protest of some sort, I’m sure, but a hunger strike is out of the question. She subsists on roots and twigs as it is.

				“We didn’t think anyone within our organization was ready for the challenge. But in light of recent events, Jane believes you’re ready to move into management.”

				“We’ve been watching you for the past month,” Jane confesses. “You’re perfect for this position. You know the company, our methods, how we deal with our clients. Plus you’re native to the region. You have local contacts and past management experience.”

				I’m lost in thought as I calculate the number of personal calls I’ve made, the lunch hours that were closer to an hour and fifteen minutes, the copies I made after-hours for my friend, Raine, and the number of J&G office supplies that may or may not be in my apartment.

				“Are you with us, Ms. Gordon? I’m sure this is a bit overwhelming,” Damien says.

				“But not unwelcome,” I interject. “There’s just a lot to process. The promotion, a new branch of J&G, the idea of going home. I hadn’t anticipated moving back to Cleveland. Ever.”

				“I see.” His mouth twists in a frown. “Well, if relocation is a problem—”

				“It isn’t,” I say quickly. “In fact, my mother will be thrilled,” I add through clenched teeth.

				“Good.” Damien leans forward on his elbows, rests his chin on clasped hands and looks me squarely in the eye. “Let’s talk dollars and cents.”

				He pushes a large envelope with my name on it toward the edge of his desk. Jane walks over, picks the envelope up and hands it to me.

				I take a deep breath and visualize the salary I’d like to see before I open the envelope and read the offer letter. I gasp. Damien and Jane chuckle. It far exceeds my expectations. They’re offering a sizable compensation and relocation package.

				Jane and Damien sit patiently as I review the letter carefully then read it again.

				“Is everything to your liking?” Damien asks.

				“The offer’s quite generous.” I restrain an overwhelming desire to break into a dreadful version of the Running Man. “There is one thing missing, though.”

				“What’s wrong? What did we miss?” Panic grips Jane’s face. Of course. She has a nice, fat bonus riding on this, not to mention her reputation with Damien.

				“A pen. I can’t sign the offer without one.”

				“I’ve been very remiss.” Damien smiles again. This time the other side of his mouth joins the party. He takes a Mont Blanc pen out of his suit pocket, walks around his desk and hands it to me.

				My hand trembles as I sign the offer letter. I’ve worked hard for this, but the thought of going home is unnerving. “What a gorgeous pen.” I extend it toward him. “It writes beautifully.”

				“Consider it my gift to you.” He waves me off and heads toward the door.

				Rejecting his gift doesn’t appear to be an option. I follow him to the door, shiny new pen in hand. “Thank you—both of you. I’m grateful for the tremendous opportunity. I won’t let you down.”

				“See to it that you don’t,” Damien says.

				“I’m sure you know not all of your workmates will be pleased with your good fortune,” Jane whispers in my ear as we trail behind him. “A few will be eager to see you fall flat on your face.”

				“I know.” I think of Priscilla and her cronies. “I’ll work hard to prove I’m worthy of the faith you’ve put in me.”

				“I know you will.” She smiles.

				Damien makes a right at the end of the hall, in the opposite direction from HR. I turn to Jane. She smiles as we follow Damien into the conference room, where Marilyn is stacking plastic cups and fussing over a sandwich tray.

				Our entire division is squeezed into the conference space. A table is filled with cold cuts, crudité and desserts.

				Damien gives a short speech about our new initiatives and the decision to open an office in Cleveland.

				“Ohio?” a few people ask in disbelief.

				“Yes, Cleveland, Ohio,” Damien says firmly. Then he forces a smile. “Help me congratulate the regional talent acquisition manager for our new Great Lakes branch—Ms. Melanie Gordon!”

				Our group of twenty-five or so applauds. Priscilla is among the crowd, face pinched, cheeks reddish purple. There’s a good chance she’ll pop a blood vessel any minute. Her hands come together in a stilted, off-beat half-clap as she bores a hole in my forehead with her evil stare.

				I smile. Today I’m not intimidated by Priscilla Cohen. Today I feel invincible. Nothing she says or does can bother me.

				I can’t remember the last time I was this happy. It feels too good to be true. Like I’m floating, looking down on someone else’s life. Things this amazing don’t happen to me.

				This incredible feeling lasts eight hours, thirty-five minutes and seventeen seconds. It ends when I pick up the phone to call my mother and tell her I’m coming home.





		 			 				Chapter Two

				I spend an hour straightening my apartment, as if my mother will be able to see it through the telephone. After some quiet meditation—and half a berry wine cooler—I’m ready to make the call.

				“Melanie?” My mother has been practicing her “feigned surprise” act. It’s more convincing than ever.

				“I know it’s been a while.”

				“It’s been two and a half weeks.”

				I cringe. “It hasn’t been that long, Mom.”

				“It was your father’s birthday.”

				So maybe it has been a while. And she’s right; I should’ve called. It’s been six years since Dad died. Mom gets a little depressed in the weeks following his birthday. I inhale deeply then force the warm stream of air through my nostrils, careful not to let her hear it. “Sorry. Things have been crazy at work, but I have great news.”

				“Oh?” Her voice softens.

				“I got a huge promotion today. I’m in charge of a new branch we’re opening soon.”

				“Congratulations, honey! That is wonderful news,” she says. “But I guess we’ll hear from you even less now.”

				“Mom...”

				“I don’t mean to be difficult, but I miss you. We all do. I wish you’d visit more often.”

				A smile spreads across my face.

				“So, where is this fancy new office you’re opening? I can’t wait to tell the ladies at the senior center.”

				“Cleveland.”

				“You’re...coming home?” The words trip over her tongue.

				I smile. It’s rare to elicit such a response from my mother. “By the end of the month.”

				“Oh, honey, that’s wonderful!” Her voice is unsteady. She sniffles. “And your timing is perfect.”

				“Because you get sad around Daddy’s birthday?”

				“No, dear. Because you aren’t getting any younger. Maybe now that you’re coming home you’ll finally settle down.”

				My mother has the skills of a CIA operative trained in psychological torture. Moments ago we were celebrating a milestone in my career. We’ve quickly returned to the familiar discussion of my failed love life.

				I bury the pain of my fractured heart and crushed dreams of marital bliss beneath a stack of manila folders at the office. Between episodes of How I Met Your Mother. At the bottom of a pint of Häagen-Dazs. I don’t appreciate my mother’s insistence on pulling out a pick axe and shovel every time we talk.

				Heat rises in my chest as I pace back and forth in my tiny kitchen. “Can we just enjoy my good news?”

				“Of course, honey. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you. I just want you to be happy.”

				“I am happy.” My voice remains calm even through clenched teeth, though my hand is balled into a fist so tight my nails dig into my palm. “What I want is for you to be proud of me.”

				“Of course I’m proud of you.” Her voice turns somber. There’s an agonizing silence that’s all-too-familiar. “I only wish your father was here to see it.”

				“Me, too.” My voice breaks. “I’ve been preparing for an opportunity like this my entire career, but I’m scared. I cannot screw this up. I wish Daddy was here to hold my hand and tell me everything will be okay.” I was Daddy’s little girl and the son he never had—all rolled into one. Dad played basketball in college. I practiced shooting jumpers in the driveway for hours to impress him. My father held prestigious positions at executive search firms. I’ve spent my entire career climbing the ladder at talent management firms. Dad died of a massive heart attack six years ago. Whenever I think the wound has healed, moments like this split it open again.

				“I miss him.” I open the fridge in search of something comforting and sweet.

				“You two were so close. Your sister and I were always a little jealous,” she says quietly. “I know your father was your hero, Melanie, but you can’t replace him.”

				“What’s that supposed to mean?”

				“Your relationships don’t work out because you’re waiting for a miracle that’s never going to happen.”

				“Like what?” My forehead is tight. The muscles of my face contract into a scowl.

				“You’re waiting for someone as perfect as you think your father was. That’s why you’re always disappointed.”

				I slam the refrigerator closed. A half-full bottle of Bailey’s Irish Cream falls over. There isn’t much to cushion its fall. “That’s ridiculous.” My hands are clenched at my sides. My voice is strained. “I’m not trying to replace Dad. I simply know what I want and I won’t settle for less.”

				“Still searching for that perfect man?” She sighs.

				I look at the tattered list on my refrigerator, enumerating the characteristics of my ideal man. It reads like a detailed job description. My cheeks burn. I don’t respond.

				“Then you’ll never settle down because no one is perfect, honey, not even you.”

				“This is your issue, Mom, not mine,” I say, chin raised, arms crossed. “I’m perfectly content with my life.”

				And I am. Sort of. My career is going better than planned, but at the expense of my personal life. Finding the perfect match for my clients is a cinch. My perfect match has been as elusive as peace in the Middle East. Of course, it doesn’t help that I’ve given up trying.

				I’m selective, with good reason. I can’t endure another relationship like the four years I spent hopelessly in love with Jaxson Payne. He had all the power; I ended up with all the pain.

				“I don’t believe that,” Mom says. “I hear the loneliness in your voice when you call. I hear it today.”

				I nearly drop my cell phone, cradled between my ear and shoulder, into the sink as I fill the teakettle with water. “I’m not lonely. I’m alone by choice. It’s not the same thing.”

				“They aren’t the same thing. But you, my dear, are both.”

				I grit my teeth as I reach for a packet of chamomile tea.

				“Don’t grind your teeth, sweetie, and please don’t be angry with me. I just want you to have everything you deserve. A husband who adores you. A beautiful family. Don’t you want what your sister has?”

				The teacup I’m holding falls from my hand. I pull my bare foot back a millisecond before it crashes to the floor. It’s Corelle. It will survive. I’m not so sure I will.

				“Is everything alright?”

				“Everything’s fine.” I stoop to pick up the teacup and place it in the sink. “I do want to be happy. But whether or not I achieve it is up to me, not some guy who may or may not exist.”

				“I’m not saying you can’t find a measure of contentment without someone special in your life. But remember how thrilled your sister was when she got married? And then when the boys were born? I don’t want you to wake up one day and realize you traded all that for a corner office.”

				“That was then. What about now? Maybe she wishes she hadn’t traded her career for a husband and kids. Maybe she’d trade places with me in a second.”

				“You know that isn’t true.”

				Nothing would make me happier than to prove my mother’s theory wrong. I could cite all the times Mimi has called in tears about something my brother-in-law has—or hasn’t—done like earn a living. Or I could recount the times she’s called frustrated, with peanut butter stuck in her hair and jelly stains all over her pants. I could tell her that Mimi wishes she’d become an interior designer first, then had her kids.

				I won’t betray my sister’s confidence to win an argument with my mother who’s twenty-five hundred miles away.

				“Mom, I have to go. I’m meeting friends for drinks.” My cheeks burn. I’m grateful she isn’t here, my mother can always spot when I’m lying. “I’ll call you with my plans for the move, okay? Good night.”

				“Good night,” she says reluctantly. “Be careful. Don’t stay out too late.”

				It’s seven-thirty on a Friday night. I’m alone, as my mother so kindly reminded me, in my pajamas on the night of the biggest promotion of my life. A fact I happily ignored fifteen short minutes ago.

				Now I feel obligated to go out. I call Debbie, my downstairs neighbor, first. No answer on her cell. Next I call Dawn, her sister and roommate, and get her voice mail. I leave a message to share my good news and ask them to meet me at Spinelli’s—my favorite neighborhood bar and grill.

				I change into my best pair of jeans—a comfy pair of Sevens that my best friend, Jamie, bought for my birthday a couple of years ago. They were a little too big when she bought them. Thanks to the Häagen-Dazs, I fill them out nicely now.

				A flirty, cap-sleeved blouse in a deep azure blue silk with a little keyhole opening in the front is the perfect complement to the jeans. I pull my thick, chestnut-colored curls kissed with auburn highlights into a low ponytail and secure them with an antique tortoiseshell barrette—a gift from my dad. Some eye shadow, blush and tinted gloss, and I’m done.

				I stand in the mirror in a pair of navy ballet flats and smile. This is one of those rare moments when I’m confident I look good, like a woman on her way up. What I am is a woman who will spend the night in the corner of a bar drinking mojitos, chowing down on a mountain of greasy onion rings and celebrating all alone.

				Raine.

				We sometimes fill in as each other’s “plus one.” It started about a year ago when he snagged two tickets to a charity gala I’d been dying to attend. He didn’t have a date and asked me to join him.

				“It won’t be a date,” Raine said before I could respond to his invitation. “In fact, consider it an ‘anti-date’—just two friends enjoying a night out.”

				My heart, which had swelled with the possibility that Raine was finally making a move, quickly deflated like a helium balloon stabbed with a needle. “In that case, yes.” I forced a smile.

				We had a fabulous evening, but the next day it was business as usual. Three months later he returned the favor by escorting me to a charity event J&G sponsored.

				Since then we’ve accompanied each other to friends’ weddings, concerts and the occasional movie. Still, we aren’t the kind of friends who randomly call each other and just hang out. But tonight that’s exactly what I need. This morning it sounded like he could use a night out with a friend, too.

				My finger trembles as I find his number and press Send.

				“Gordon, I thought you forgot about me.” Raine intensifies the gritty, smoldering quality of his voice that lies dormant during the day. Outside the office his deep, throaty growl has the ability to make a woman squirm with a sudden need to cross her legs at the knees. Raine seems wholly aware of this, takes great delight in it.

				“Don’t be silly. I just had a few things to handle first.” I press my back against the wall, trying to summon my courage and control my nerves. “How are you?”

				“I’m good. You?” I can hear the smile in his voice.

				I relax. “I’m great, actually. I got a promotion today. You’re talking to the brand-new Great Lakes regional talent acquisition manager for Jasper & Graevel Personnel Services.”

				“Congratulations! Does that mean you’ll get some fancy-pants office on the top floor?”

				“I am getting my own office, but it won’t be on the top floor. I’m moving back to Cleveland.”

				“Ohio?”

				“Yes, Ohio!” I laugh. “I grew up there. Remember?”

				“I remember.” His voice trails. “That’s excellent news then, huh? It deserves a proper celebration. Going out with a few friends tonight?”

				“I can’t reach my friends Debbie and Dawn, and everyone else was already at the office party.”

				“Then let me take you out. Where’d you like to go?”

				“Spinelli’s,” I say quickly. This is no time to be coy.

				“A woman who knows what she wants. I like it.” Raine chuckles. “Spinelli’s sounds great. Pick you up in half an hour, unless you need more time.”

				“No.” I twirl a strand of hair around my finger. “Half an hour is fine. I’ll see you then.”

				I look in the mirror and glance at my ass—which apparently only looks superb in $200 jeans. I kick off my ballet flats and head for the closet. After five minutes of rummaging through stacks of clear plastic shoe boxes, I see the perfect pair of shoes—an unworn pair of open-toed sandals in a python print with a four-inch heel.

				Jeans that look this good deserve equally impressive footwear. At least, that’s what I tell myself as I plop down on my bed and strap on the fuck-me pumps.





		 			 				Chapter Three

				Thirty minutes later, Raine is standing in my doorway in a camel-colored cashmere sweater and a pair of Levi’s. A white, button-down shirt peeks underneath the collar. Chin-length, caramel-colored locs are pulled back at the crown of his head, with the remaining hair hanging free. He is, in a word, gorgeous.

				My eyes trace the curve of his biceps. I lick my lips, cheeks flushed, and hope he hasn’t noticed I’ve spent the past five seconds checking him out from head to toe. Twice.

				“I see you’re ready to go.” He nods toward the wrap draped over my arm and my clutch tucked underneath it.

				“I am.”

				“Then shall we?” Raine extends his hand in the direction of the narrow stairwell leading down to the first floor.

				“Let’s.” I offer a nervous smile.

				He slips his hand to the small of my back. I try not to notice the heat emanating from his hand. But it’s nearly impossible to ignore the jolt of electricity, which travels through his long, elegant fingers and enters the base of my spine.

				I’m sure his hand has been on that exact spot when he’s guided me through a crowd or we’ve danced together at charity functions. His touch seemed incidental then. Tonight, there’s something about the placement and pressure of his hand that feels deliberate, significant. Or maybe I’m transferring my own well-guarded desire to an innocent gesture.

				Raine guides me down the stairs, out the front door and into his car, his hand still on my back.

				“Thanks for doing this,” I say. “I know it’s short notice.”

				“I couldn’t leave you standing there dressed, with no place to go.” He tries to hide a smirk as he turns the ignition.

				“How’d you know I was already dressed when I called?”

				“You’ve never been ready when I came to pick you up. There’s not a chance in hell you threw this together in thirty minutes. You look...amazing.”

				“Very clever,” I say. “And thank you, I think.”

				“It’s too bad, actually.”

				“What’s too bad?”

				“That you were ready. I was hoping to catch you in a towel, just out of the shower,” he says, his eyes straight ahead.

				My cheeks grow warm. I’m not offended, just surprised. Our social conversations have been mildly flirtatious, but never anything so easily decipherable. We prefer our flirtation so well-coded that only a world-class hacker has a chance in hell of sorting it all out.

				I stifle a giggle. “Sorry to disappoint you.”

				He smiles.

				We ride in silence for a while. He pays strict attention to the road. I pretend to be fascinated by the houses and apartments that fly by my window. The same ones I’ve seen nearly every day for the past five years.

				“How about some music?” Raine finally breaks the silence.

				“Sure. What’ve you got?”

				“There should be something in there you can tolerate.” He nods toward his iPod then gestures for an elderly gentleman—who is halfway into the intersection—to cross the street.

				I scroll through his iPod. “The Collection by Alanis Morissette?” I laugh. “I wouldn’t have pegged you for an Alanis fan.”

				“I’m a complicated kind of guy.” He winks at me.

				“Let’s see just how complicated.” I keep scrolling until I come across Learn to Speak Spanish. “I didn’t know you were learning Spanish.”

				“I’ve had that forever. All I can say is No hablo español.” He shrugs. “There’s nothing to tell.”

				“Why are you learning it?”

				There’s a slight pause before he answers. “A lot of my clients speak English as a second language. Communicating with them in their native tongue lends to a more powerful experience. Besides, as you know—Ms. Regional Talent Manager, is it?—being bilingual makes me more marketable.”

				“It’s the Great Lakes Regional Talent Acquisition Manager,” I practically sing, “thank you very much. And I’m glad you’re thinking about your marketability. The work you’re doing at the Center is important, but I wouldn’t blame you if you went for a corporate job. You’ve got a lot to offer.”

				Raine turns toward me at a stoplight. There’s something intense, brooding about his eyes, like dark gray clouds rolling in ahead of a fierce storm. He wants to say something but isn’t quite ready to say it.

				The light turns green, and the driver behind us blows the horn. Raine pulls off.

				“Personally or professionally?” He stares ahead again.

				“Both, of course.”

				“So as a headhunter you’d consider me a viable candidate?”

				“Sure. You have years of experience in social services and nonprofit administration. You’re passionate about making a difference in the community. Dozens of organizations—nonprofits, corporations, government agencies—are desperate for a candidate like you. I could have you placed in a week, easy.”

				“That’s good to know.” Raine turns into the parking lot of Spinelli’s and finds a spot. “What about personally? Would someone like you, for instance—a successful, professional woman—think I have a lot to offer?”

				My heart beats faster. I nod. “Yes. Someone like me would.”

				Raine bites his lower lip. The left side of his mouth slowly spreads into a subdued smile. He pushes his door open. “Don’t move. I’ll be right there.”

				He walks around, opens my door and extends his hand. I stare at it, as if he’s a smiling stranger offering candy. Taking a deep breath, I gently place my hand in his. He tightens his grip and draws me out of the car.

				We stand so close our bodies practically touch. His delicious scent fills my nostrils. For a fleeting moment it seems he’s going to lean in and kiss me. Instead he steps back, extends his elbow and leads me inside the restaurant.

				It’s crowded tonight. We wait at the bar until a table is available. Raine orders a Corona with a lime wedge. I order a mojito. Twenty-five minutes pass, but we barely notice. We talk about art, music, current events.

				This is typical for us. We enjoy each other’s company but don’t delve too deeply into each other’s lives or reveal too much about our own. Part of me is relieved we’ve fallen back into this comfortable rhythm.

				The strobe lights on the pager the greeter gave us announce that our table is ready. The hostess leads us to a booth in a dimly lit corner of the restaurant. I slide in. Raine turns and gives the greeter a nod and palms a few bills into her hand.

				“This is a cozy booth.” I spread the cloth napkin across my lap. There’s no way I’m getting food on these jeans.

				He looks up, shrugs then scratches the back of his neck. “We lucked out, I guess.”

				I raise an eyebrow. He reaches for what’s left of his beer and takes a long sip.

				“You mentioned that the Center has plans for expansion.”

				“Yes, thanks to a very generous grant from Underwood Labs,” he says. “The announcement is next week.”

				“That’s fabulous news!”

				“I have you to thank. You introduced me to Maris Vaughn. I couldn’t say anything before the grant was secured. Your official thank-you goes out after the formal announcement is made.”

				“So is that what you called to tell me today?”

				“Yeah, that’s what I wanted to tell you.” He sighs and looks away then takes another sip of his beer.

				“Are you sure—”

				I’m interrupted by the server. She tells us about the specials, takes our orders then brings us a basket of their yummy bread and honey walnut butter.

				I love bread almost as much as I love Häagen-Dazs, but tonight I need to be conservative. I don’t want Raine to think I’m a pig. Nor do I want the button of my jeans to pop off and put out one of his lovely gray eyes.

				“So, was that the only reason you called?”

				Raine opens his mouth to respond then gets a deer-in-the-headlights look. He practically grabs our server as she walks by. “Another Corona, please.”

				“Raine, you okay?”

				He usually has two beers the entire evening. Tonight he’s working on his second beer in less than half an hour.

				He gives me a half smile and adjusts his shirt sleeves. “A little unnerved, I guess.”

				“Why? I don’t bite.” I spread honey butter on a piece of bread and hand it to him. “Besides, it’s not like we haven’t done this before.”

				He shrugs, settling back against the burgundy leather seat as he nibbles his bread. “So, tell me about your big promotion.”

				“I was completely taken by surprise. I didn’t even know J&G had plans to expand into the Midwest.”

				“You didn’t apply for the job?”

				“Not this one specifically. But this is the opportunity I’ve been working for since I joined J&G five years ago. I managed a small firm in Cleveland for a few years. I’ve been working to get back to that level, but with a larger firm. This past year my manager gave me a shot with a few of our bigger clients. It impressed the right people at the right time.”

				“They couldn’t have made a better choice.” Raine manages a smile that barely kisses his lips. It’s an uneasy mix of happiness and something I can’t quite place. He holds up his beer. “Congratulations.”

				“Thanks.” Something about his hollow smile causes a slight ache in my chest. I ignore it and raise my glass to toast.

				“Are you excited about returning home?”

				“I’m thrilled about the opportunity. I just didn’t anticipate I’d end up right back where I started. Frankly, I’d be happier staying here.” I sigh. “But you have to make sacrifices to get where you want to go.”

				“And where do you want to go?”

				“Not to Cleveland.” I force a laugh and take a quick sip of my drink.

				“Not metropolitan enough for you?”

				“That’s not it at all. There’s plenty to do in Cleveland.”

				Raine’s right brow forms a question mark. He purses his lips.

				“Really!” I object. “There’s a great Broadway series every year at the historic PlayhouseSquare. The Cleveland Orchestra is one of the best in the world. Our art museum is phenomenal. And you would love the local music scene. Cleveland is a fantastic sports town. I’ve been watching the Cavs, Indians and Browns for as long as I can remember—for better or worse.”

				“You’re a sports fan?” He studies me for a moment and smiles. Then he takes another sip of his beer.

				I’d give the Stella McCartney clutch I bought on eBay last year to know what he’s thinking. “Surprised?”

				“That Cleveland is a cultural mecca, or that you’re a sports fan?”

				I think for a moment, my mouth twisted. “Both.”

				He laughs. “Yes and yes.”

				The server appears and places Raine’s order of prime rib in front of him. She places my delicious bowtie pasta with grilled chicken, sundried tomatoes and mushrooms in a creamy wine sauce in front of me. We dig into our plates.

				“Will you rent an apartment, or do you plan on something more permanent?” Raine carves another piece of prime rib.

				“Definitely buying. I can get a three-thousand-square-foot home for less than a tiny condo here. I’d love to restore an older home—like the one I grew up in—or maybe get a loft downtown.”

				“So, there’s no possibility of you coming back, then?”

				I look at him. The muscles in my back tighten. I’m moving across the country in less than thirty days. Is he really doing this now? Taking a deep breath, I try to prevent the irritation I feel from seeping into my voice. “We’re opening a permanent office. Cleveland will be my home again for at least the next five years. After that...I’ll go wherever my career takes me.”

				“Of course.” Raine taps his fork lightly on his dinner plate. He catches me watching him and shoves another forkful of prime rib in his mouth.

				Words unsaid hang heavy in the air between us.

				“Don’t worry, a handsome guy like you will have no trouble finding a new ‘plus one.’” I force a smile, unable to bear the weird silence between us.

				“But will she still respect me after she discovers my penchant for charity balls and chick flicks?”

				We laugh. Just like that, the glint returns to his eyes. He flashes his brilliant smile and perfectly aligned teeth. His laugh is infectious. I can’t resist joining in, nor do I want to.

				Raine orders a decadent chocolate torte, but only after I promise to share it. I bat my eyelashes, smile and pretend I couldn’t polish the entire thing off myself.

				“I’ll bet your mom is thrilled that you’re coming home.” Raine settles back into his seat.

				“She is.” I nod.

				“And she must be tremendously proud of you.”

				“She is,” I say again, less confidently. He raises an eyebrow and leans forward, waiting for me to continue. I clear my throat and twist the class ring I still wear on my right hand. “It’s just that, no matter what I accomplish, I still feel I’m disappointing her.”

				“I understand, believe me.”

				“You? A disappointment to your parents? I have a hard time believing that.”

				“My father wanted me to join the family business. My mother wanted me to become a lawyer. They’re both gravely disappointed that I’m committed to a lowly, thankless career in nonprofit.” He laughs, but pain is etched in the creases around his eyes. “I’m thirty-five years old and they’re still hoping it’s just a phase.”

				Now I can’t help but laugh. Raine loves what he does. I can’t imagine him doing anything else.

				Our torte arrives. We continue to venture into new territory—discussing our families in depth. I give Raine the CliffsNotes version of my conversation with my mother this evening and the general history of the Gordon women. I tell him my mother thinks it’s time for me to settle down.

				“She wants me to find a man who will rescue me from spinsterhood.” I laugh.

				“That’s not what you want, I take it.” He digs his fork into the torte and takes a bite.

				I shrug. “I’m not anti-marriage. My parents were married for nearly thirty years and they were really happy. I just don’t think a husband and kids are in my immediate future and I’m okay with that.”

				Raine looks me squarely in the eye. “What makes you think you won’t find someone?”

				“My relationship track record isn’t so great.” An involuntary wince accompanies this admission.

				“You’re beautiful, smart, funny, successful. What guy wouldn’t want to be with you?”

				“You’d be surprised at the guys who haven’t wanted this beautiful, smart, funny and successful girl.”

				“Tell me about them.” He takes a sip from his third beer.

				“Why? Are you writing my unauthorized biography or something?” I fiddle with the napkin in my lap. “Besides, there really isn’t that much to tell.”

				“Good. Then it won’t take long.”

				I sigh and bite my lip, trying to read him. He steeples his fingers as he waits patiently for my story.

				“I’ll tell you mine if you tell me yours,” I say with an impish smirk that makes him laugh.

				“Alright.” He leans forward, fingers spread on the table. “I was completely in love with a girl I dated for the first two years of high school. Her parents shipped her off to a boarding school in Europe for junior year. By homecoming she’d fallen for someone else. I spent the next few years partying and dating just about anything that moved.” For a moment it seems like he’s somewhere else.

				“My life was really crazy for a while,” he continues. “Didn’t get serious about anyone for a long time after that. Then I met Maria. We dated for about a year and a half. There were too many people in our relationship. Her friends. My friends. Her mom. My sisters. We made the mutual decision to split. She moved back to Mexico. I haven’t heard from her since.”

				“Ahh...so that’s the real story behind you learning to speak Spanish,” I say, more to myself than him. “Things must have gotten pretty serious if you were learning her native tongue.”

				Raine’s cheeks have a warm, red glow that would give Rudolph a run for his money. He takes another sip of his drink. “Other than that, there’ve been a few dates here and there. The occasional relationship that lasted long enough for me to consider someone my girlfriend.” He shrugs. “Not much more.”

				He really wants to hear my dating history. Why else would a guy voluntarily give me his relationship roster?

				I take a long gulp of my second mojito, watered down from the melted ice. Raine leans back in his seat and waits.

				“I dated the same guy off and on for four years. I fell in love with him when we were in high school. We started dating after college. I was still this starry-eyed schoolgirl who was head-over-heels in love. He took advantage of the fact that I believed we were meant to be together. So, I put up with an amazing amount of bullshit before he finally dumped me for the chick he knocked up while we were still together. They’re happily married with two kids.”

				“Sounds like the dude was kind of an ass,” Raine says, an unspoken apology on his face. “You deserve better.”

				“There’s plenty more humiliation where that came from. Which is why I’d really rather not talk about this—especially during my celebration dinner.”

				“Sorry. I shouldn’t have pressed you about it. It’s just that, in all this time, we’ve never really talked. You know?” Raine places his hand gently on my forearm, causing the skin underneath it to tingle. I clench my hand, then slowly release it. “We discuss safe topics and avoid anything personal.”

				I twist my ring again. “I guess we didn’t have time to dig deeper.”

				“We never made the time to dig deeper,” he counters.

				I bite my lip and fidget with my napkin, unsure of how to respond.

				“I’m excited for you, Melanie. But I feel like we’ve missed the opportunity to really get to know each other.”

				“We’ve been out more than a dozen times in the past year,” I say, not wanting to sound cruel. “Why am I suddenly so fascinating? Because I’m leaving?”

				“Of course not.” He puts down his silverware and pushes back against the burgundy leather cushion. “I’ve always been attracted to you. In fact, that’s what I really called to talk to you about this morning.”

				“So you’re telling me that you’ve been attracted to me since the first time you asked me out on what you clearly defined as ‘not a date’?” My cheeks are warm and my heart threatens to beat out of my chest. I slip my hands into my lap and hope he doesn’t notice how badly they’re shaking.

				He nods and grips his bottle of beer. He doesn’t make an effort to put it to his lips.

				“Why didn’t you say something?”

				“The Center’s relationship with J&G is critical to our annual budget. Damien’s been a member of our board for years. There was more than just my feelings to consider. What if things didn’t work out? I couldn’t take a chance on losing a major funding source.” He takes a swig of beer then looks at me. There’s regret in his eyes. “Are you telling me you never suspected? Not even a little?”

				“You’ve turned the mixed signal into an art form,” I say pointedly. “We’d have an amazing night, but the next day it was like I’d wake up back in Kansas.”

				“I wanted to say something, to tell you how I felt. At the last minute I’d back out or I’d discover you were dating someone else. I kept thinking...next time I’ll go for it. But now you’re leaving and there won’t be a next time.”

				I stare at him, debating my response, when Debbie and Dawn approach our table.

				“Dammit! We’ve missed dinner,” Debbie says.

				“Dessert, too,” Dawn says. “But at least we made it. Sorry I couldn’t get here sooner. I had to work late tonight.” She gives me a Hollywood air kiss before sliding into the booth next to me. “Congratulations on your great news, hon.” She reaches across the table and extends her hand to Raine. “Hello. I’m Dawn, Melanie’s neighbor.”

				Raine is obviously disappointed by the intrusion, but he’s polite, charming. He grips her hand firmly. “Raine Mason.”

				“I’m Debbie, Dawn’s sister, also Melanie’s neighbor. May I?” She gestures to his side of the table.

				Raine slides over to let her in.

				“I know we’ve come late, but you have to let us buy you a drink.” Dawn places her hand on mine.

				“Or at least another dessert,” Debbie chimes in.

				“I’ve already had two mojitos,” I object.

				“You can’t possibly be counting this one with the ice melted in it, barely touched.” Dawn laughs and runs her fingers through her shoulder-length brown hair. She narrows those mischievous brown eyes at me. “Seriously, this is your big night. You deserve to get completely shit-faced drunk if that’s what you want to do.”

				“I don’t,” I say firmly but politely. “We’ve had a really lovely dinner and we were sort of winding down.”

				“Just a glass of wine then, maybe,” Debbie says.

				“I don’t want to keep Raine out all night.” My eyes offer an apology.

				He gives me a smile that says he understands. There’s disappointment and regret in his eyes. I wonder if my face mirrors his because I feel the same way.

				“No problem,” Debbie pipes. “We’ll get Melanie home. After all, we live in the same building.”

				“Well, Melanie is obviously in good hands,” Raine says. “And I’ve got a few things to catch up on. So, if you’ll excuse me.”

				“Don’t leave on our account.” Dawn smiles at him. “We’d love for you to stay, and I’m sure Melanie would, too. Right, Mel?”

				I open my mouth to speak. All I can get out is “I—” before Dawn jumps in again.

				“See! She really wants you to stay.”

				“Thank you.” Raine shifts in his seat. “But I’d better go.”

				Debbie stands and lets Raine out of the booth. He leans across the table and kisses my cheek.

				“Congratulations, Melanie. You deserve this promotion and all the happiness you can stand.” A smile is perched on his lips but refuses to travel north to his eyes.

				“Good night. Thank you for dinner.” I watch him walk over to the bar to pay for our meal before leaving. I feel I should say something, but I’m not really sure what.

				Dawn leers at Raine like he’s a filet mignon hot off the grill. “That is one hot piece of—”

				“Dawn!” Debbie pokes a finger in her sister’s direction. Her short blond curls tumble forward as she narrows her blue eyes at her. She turns to me. “You didn’t tell us you were seeing someone.”

				“I’m not,” I say quickly. “We’re just friends.”

				“Are you sure about that?” Dawn asks.

				“Yes.” I nod. “I’m positive.”

				“Then would you mind if I...”

				“Jesus! Not now, Dawn,” Debbie says. “There’s obviously more to the story than that.”

				“Then let’s hear it.” Dawn folds her arms. “Talk!”

				“It’s a long story,” I say, “and I’m really not up to talking about it right now.”

				“Well, I’ve got just the thing to loosen closed lips.” Debbie wiggles her eyebrows. “Waiter, a round of shots, please!”

				“You’ve been out with me before. Do I honestly seem like the kind of girl who does shots?”

				Dawn raises one eyebrow and crosses her arms.

				Oh, yeah. I did do shots that night, didn’t I? “Okay, that was just once,” I say. “And the next day I could barely stand.”

				“Which time—the night you found out your ex was getting married, or the day of the wedding?” Debbie asks innocently.

				Dawn cranks her eyebrow—arched within an inch of its life—up another notch and gives me an evil grin.

				Damn that Debbie and her motor mouth.

				“Both times should really count as one episode, since they were triggered by the same event,” I say. That event being my on-again, off-again boyfriend, Jaxson Payne, getting married.

				For an instant I feel like I’m back at the very moment when my sister called to tell me that Jax, the man I spent four years with, who wasn’t capable of committing to our relationship, was getting married. I was devastated. The following weeks were spent in tears—often accompanied by copious amounts of alcohol.

				My sister assured me that one day I’d find a guy who’d love me the way I deserved to be loved.

				My best friend took a less sympathetic approach. “Jax is a piece of shit. You should be glad some bimbo is taking him off the market for good. The rest of womankind thanks her,” Jamie had said. Eventually my uncontrollable sobbing, which threatened to short out the handset of the phone, had moved Jamie to say something thoughtful and profound. “Look, Mel, if you and Jax are really meant to be together, maybe this is the journey you both need to take. Maybe you need to spend the next few years focused on your career. Maybe he needs to be in a relationship and get his heart ripped out and handed back to him before he’ll ever truly appreciate you.”

				The howling that, up ’til then, accompanied my sobs ceased. “You think so?”

				“I’m not suggesting you go looking for him or go within a hundred yards of him at any point while he’s married,” she’d said, stressing each syllable. “But who knows what the future holds?”

				What it held for Jax was two kids, a big house in a high-end Cleveland suburb and a well-paying job with a global sports marketing firm. What it held for me, until earlier today, hadn’t been nearly as exciting.

				“So, are we doing shots or what?” Dawn asks, bringing me out of my temporary daze.

				“I could get called in tomorrow for work,” I say. Not entirely untrue, but highly improbable. “I’ll just have another mojito. This time I’ll drink it. I swear.”

				Dawn isn’t convinced but lets it go. “Good enough.”

				Debbie claps her hands together. “I’ll have one, too.”

				“Excuse me, miss!” Dawn waves to the server who’s taking care of diners at another table. “We need to order a round of drinks as quickly as possible. Before my friend changes her mind.”





		 			 				Chapter Four

				The fuck-me pumps come off.

				I sink into the couch and turn on the television just in time for the news. I rub my cramped feet, wiggle my toes then prop my feet up on my sad excuse for a coffee table. It leans down on the side with the slightly shorter leg. The one I never have time to adjust.

				The television watches me as I replay the day in my mind. In just three weeks I have to get everything packed and moved to Cleveland. Then I’ll have another four weeks to hire an assistant and get the office up and running. I’m giving myself eight weeks to find a place to live.

				I’m eager to get the process started. My Wednesday flight to Cleveland has already been booked. I didn’t tell my mother. I want to surprise her.

				A knock at the door disturbs my thoughts. For a moment I think I dreamed it. A series of short, rapid knocks assures me the sound is real. We have to buzz guests into our building, so it’s probably Debbie or Dawn. Still, as my mother often reminds me, a single girl living alone can never be too careful. I pick up a slender metal vase. Not because I’m afraid. Because I can’t bear the thought of hearing “I told you so” throughout infinity.

				I creep quietly to the door, just in case it is some psycho who’s come here to club me to death. I hold my breath and peek through the peephole.

				Oh, shit! It isn’t Debbie or Dawn.

				Stepping quickly but quietly to face the mirror hanging next to my front door, I run my fingers through my hair. Going for a look of calculated disorder, I give my head a good shake. Not a good idea after three mojitos.

				There’s another round of knocks, this time more urgent. I take a deep breath, unlock the door then slowly turn the knob.

				Raine stands there, his hand against the door frame, a perturbed look on his face.

				“Hey,” I say nonchalantly, “did we forget something?”

				He doesn’t respond. Instead he searches my face as if he expects to find the answer to a question he has yet to ask. It’s only a few seconds, but it feels like an eternity.

				I open my mouth to speak. Before a single word can escape he steps forward and presses his warm palms on either side of my face. His warm breath smells of cinnamon. His intense gaze locks with mine. The throbbing pulse that emanates from his thumbs reverberates against my cheekbones.

				He leans in closer. My breath quickens and I’m keenly aware of the rise and fall of my chest. Body trembling, I close my eyes and lean in, ever so slightly.

				He presses his lips, firm and soft, against mine. I take a deep breath, my lips part slightly. He readily accepts the invitation. His tongue slips inside and glides against mine.

				I can barely breathe. His kiss is greedy, intense. It sends a chill down my spine yet sets every nerve in my body ablaze with a consuming fire. I’m overwhelmed by the sensation of heat, the increased sensitivity of my skin and the pulsing ache between my thighs. I break free to catch my breath.

				“Lock the door.” My words come out ragged, breathy.

				He releases me and locks the door. When he turns around I tug on his sweater, pulling him farther inside my apartment, until I’m backed against the wall.

				He smiles then leans in to kiss me again. His lips press firmly on mine. His tongue darts in and out of my mouth as he grinds his hips into me, pinning me to the wall. I can feel his growing erection hard against my inner thigh.

				There’s an insatiable hunger in our kisses. The kind that comes from an intense craving for something you want so badly, but don’t believe you can ever really have. Each kiss pulls me in deeper, makes me want him more.

				This may be the relationship equivalent of a mirage, but it looks, tastes and feels damned good, and I’m going for it. And I’m going to enjoy every goddamned second of it. Starting now.

				I slide my hands underneath his shirt. They glide slowly up the muscular ridges of his abs. My thumbs gently graze his nipples. He sucks in a deep breath in response. I grab hold of the edge of his sweater and shirt and inch them over his head. He pulls them off the rest of the way and tosses them on the floor.

				Raine has been hiding more than just washboard abs under that sweater. A tattoo of a large sword with a vine wrapped around it and a vibrant red rose on its elaborate hilt decorates his right arm. A tribal tattoo rings his left bicep. I press my fingertips against the tattoo on the left side of his chest. It’s a bloody heart, pierced by a dagger with a skull handle. There’s a ribbon across it that says Forever. The word is barely visible.

				Discovering a darker side to Raine, whose demeanor is more choir boy than badass, is unnerving, yet intriguing. What other secrets lie beneath his cool, calm surface?

				My gaze meets his penetrating stare, like a panther sizing up his prey. It unravels me. My knees tremble in response and any concerns about what I’m getting myself into quickly shift to the back of my mind. My only concern, at this moment, is the feel of his hands on my skin.

				I lift my blouse over my head and toss it onto a chair. Pulse racing, I guide his hands to the front closure of my red satin bra.

				He unhooks it in a single motion and trails kisses down my neck and shoulder as he slides the straps down my arms. The gust of cool air against my hypersensitive nipples only heightens my arousal. He palms my breasts as he continues raining kisses down my body toward nipples already taut, begging for attention.

				He swirls his firm tongue around my nipple a few times before flicking it across the sensitive flesh. I let out a long sigh in response.

				Moaning softly, I grind my hips against him and twist his hair around my trembling fingers. The space between my thighs grows warmer and wetter. I’m floating in a feeling that is intoxicating and torturous all at the same time. But as good as this feels, I’m ready for more.

				I press my hands into his chest, creating a sliver of space between us. Then I grab his hand and lead him to my bedroom.

				The twenty or so steps to my bed seem like the longest walk I’ve ever taken. My nipples throb from his sucking and teasing, my heart is beating like a drum and there’s a steady, dull ache emanating from between my thighs. Every erogenous zone on my body is doing a celebration dance, like farmers welcoming the first drops of rain. My body is completely in line with my decision. My head feels the need to interfere.

				Why are we doing this? I’m about to leave.

				Did I make my bed?

				I hope I wore matching underwear today.

				What’s going to happen after this?

				Maybe we shouldn’t...

				We stop at the foot of the bed and look at it for an instant, then at each other.

				I place my hands on his chest and lean into him, forcing my eyes to meet his. It’s exceedingly difficult to divert my gaze from his body. The man is sex poured into a glass on ice with a twist of lemon. And I want him.

				God, do I want him.

				“Is this one of those moments we’re going to seriously regret in the morning?” My voice comes out shaky and for the first time since we started this I’m very conscious of the fact that we’re both half-naked.

				He kisses my palm, then my fingertips. “I could never regret this,” he says. “What about you?”

				“No,” I say. “No regrets.”

				I lean into him and press my mouth on his. He lifts me slightly, puts one knee on the bed and then lowers his body on mine.

				He brushes loose curls from my face. “You’re fucking gorgeous. You know that?” He kisses me again before I respond. “Do you know how long I’ve wanted to say that? To tell you how much I need you? I should’ve told you a long time ago.”

				“Yes, you should have. But perhaps you can make it up to me.” I flash him a naughty smile as I trace his deliciously full lips with my thumb.

				The corner of his mouth lifts in a devilish grin. He presses his mouth against mine. His tongue dives in immediately. Mine invites it to a passionate dance. A rehearsal for the union I hope will soon take place.

				But Raine has something else in mind.

				He rolls off me and slides his hand down my stomach, which I try hard to hold in. He kisses my belly and slides his fingertips back and forth underneath the waistband of my jeans. A difficult task, since there’s very little room to spare. He unfastens the button and slowly unzips them.

				Raine peels off the jeans that are practically a second skin and pushes them off onto the floor, an act I’m willing to overlook. He removes his jeans and tosses them next to mine.

				He bites his lower lip as he studies me lying, trembling, on the bed in nothing but a pair of red satin panties.

				I feel exposed in a way I never have before. Butterflies do a synchronized waltz inside my stomach. My chest rises and falls rapidly. I’m eager, but try not to show it. And a little uneasy, but I try not to show that either.

				Raine has been my Taye Diggs. The hot guy you fantasize about but never delude yourself into thinking you can actually have. So while I’ll admit to the fantasy, the realization that he’s actually in my bed is a little unnerving.

				He kisses my neck. My breasts. My stomach. Above my waistband, which he is now edging down, taking a peek. I lift my hips to help him remove my panties. I can feel the dampness against my skin as he slides them down my leg.

				I could practically tongue-kiss Debbie the next time I see her. Thank God she’d suggested we go swimming yesterday. My legs, and other regions, are freshly shaved and bare.

				Raine plants soft, delicate kisses along my belly, pelvic bone and inner thigh. My body responds with a sharp inhalation to his warm lips pressing against my throbbing clit. I grip the bedding and writhe as he teases it with his tongue. I bite my lower lip and practically hold my breath in an attempt to muffle the sounds trying to escape as I’m overcome by a wave of intense pleasure.

				It feels as if I’m about to implode from this delicious feeling of complete and utter ecstasy. Is that possible? Death by sex? Because it seems like a very real possibility.

				Suddenly he stops. I’ve barely taken a breath before he dives his nimble tongue inside me and works its magic.

				Oh...my...God.

				I moan and thrust against him, wanting, needing more. He’s only too happy to oblige. He threads his arms through my legs then presses his fingers inside my thighs, splaying them further open and anchoring my bottom to the bed.

				My soft whimpering escalates to match the increased speed of his tongue, dipping in and out of my slick core. My lips part and my chin lifts as I ride this intense wave of pleasure. My breath becomes quick and ragged as he sends me spiraling into an orgasm that is like a jolt of electricity delivered to every inch of my body.

				He looks up at me and smiles.

				“You must be pretty proud of yourself.” I smirk and press my knees together, heart still racing.

				The canary-worthy grin he offers in response confirms this suspicion. He slides off his underwear, exposing a distinctive scar on his hip, several inches in length.

				I trace it gently with my fingertips. “What happened?”

				He lowers his head. His body tenses. “Car accident.” His voice is low, the words nearly running together. “It was a really long time ago.”

				I raise myself on one elbow, lean forward and trail delicate kisses along the red, raised skin. He relaxes, and his waning erection lengthens again.

				He regains his focus and snatches his jeans off the floor, fumbling in the pocket for a condom. Then he peels the foil and slowly rolls it up the length of his shaft.

				I take a deep breath as he guides his thick erection inside me. A slight gasp escapes my lips. He stops.

				“Is this okay?” His hand is on my cheek.

				“Yes,” I whisper.

				“You sure?”

				“I’m fine,” I say a little too quickly.

				He continues inching his way in, stroking gently at first.

				Jamie always says never let a guy know how good it is the first time. Give him something to work for the next time. I’ve definitely broken that rule. The raspy growl that escapes my lips is completely beyond my control.

				I’ve never had this kind of multi-orgasmic experience or been with a man as eager to please me as he is to be pleased. There are few times in my life when reality has exceeded the dream. This is certainly one of them.

				After we make love, we collapse onto the bed, sweaty, exhausted and satiated. Raine wraps his arms around my waist and cradles my body against his. He nuzzles his face into my neck and pulls the covers over us.

				“That was fucking amazing.” He kisses the side of my face.

				“It was.” I break into a grin. “You, sir, are a man with many hidden talents.”

				He laughs and tightens his embrace. “Can I ask you something?”

				I tense slightly, but the smile never leaves my lips. “Anything.”

				“Would it be alright if I spent the night?”

				“If you can handle seeing me first thing in the morning, so can I.” I giggle, nervous about hosting my first overnight guest since...well...the Ice Age.

				He pulls me against him, his chin resting on my head. “I think I can handle it.”

				Within minutes he is sleeping soundly, snoring softly. Within an hour, so am I.





		 			 				Chapter Five

				Saturday morning I awake alone, tangled in the sheet. I roll over and look at the clock. It’s ten-thirty. Sitting up, I look around for evidence of my night with Raine. I need confirmation that it wasn’t an exceedingly vivid fantasy. Raine’s clothes are no longer on the floor where he’d tossed them last night, but I smell food and hear pots clanging.

				Slipping from under the covers, I hurry into the bathroom, grateful I won’t be forced to do an awkward sheet shimmy.

				The mirror reveals what Raine must have seen this morning. Hair smashed flat on one side, crust in the corners of my eyes—and is that dried drool? I shudder.

				Standing under the steaming hot water in the shower, I lather my hair, replaying the night before. Finally I emerge from the bathroom in my bathrobe—teeth brushed, body scrubbed, hair washed and pulled into a neat, low bun.

				I follow the tantalizing aroma of breakfast. Raine stands at the stove barefoot in jeans and an undershirt. He turns toward the sound of my footsteps. His eyes light up and he breaks into a grin that flexes every muscle in his face. The last time someone was this glad to see me, I had to take him for a walk and give him doggy treats.

				“Morning, sleepyhead.” He leans in to kiss me then quickly returns his attention to the skillet. “Hungry?”

				“You cuddle. You spend the night. You make breakfast.” I shake my head. “Are you for real? ’Cause I’ve seen this in Lifetime movies. It doesn’t end well.”

				When he looks away quickly, I’m afraid I’ve offended him. But then the right side of his mouth turns up in a half smile.

				“Consider yourself the beneficiary of two decades of trial and error,” he says. “Or maybe this is all part of my evil plan.” He raises his eyebrows up and down manically.

				“So there is an evil plan. Well, that’s a relief.” I smile. “But I shouldn’t be surprised. There’s a lot more to you than you let on.” I gently trace the sword tattoo on his right arm with my fingertips.

				Raine offers a quick smile before he focuses on his cooking again. He slides a spatula underneath the omelet he’s cooking and gently flips it. “Like I said, things were crazy for a few years. My mother likes to call it my ‘Tattoo Period.’”

				“Looks like you were quite the badass.” I touch the faded blue head of a large phoenix across his back. “Exactly how many tattoos do you have?”

				“Four. One on each arm. One on my chest. One on my back. It only looks like more because of their size.” He picks up a strip of bacon and offers it to me. I take a bite. “That’s practically a choir boy by NBA standards.”

				“True.” I nibble on the bacon. “Still, there must be a helluva story behind every one of those.”

				“There is.” A hint of perturbance flashes behind stormy gray eyes. “But that’s a conversation for another day.” The corner of his mouth lifts in a subdued smile as he hands me another piece of bacon.

				“Okay,” I concede, taking a seat behind the breakfast bar. “I’m absolutely starving and everything smells and tastes delicious. I have to admit, I’m pretty impressed.”

				“Don’t be. It’s the only meal in my repertoire.” His shoulders relax and he smiles. “Got any plans this weekend?”

				At least a hundred things I should be doing come to mind. There are plans to make and five years of my life to pack. “Nothing really.”

				“I thought we could hang out this weekend.”

				“Sounds nice. What did you have in mind?”

				“How about a picnic in the park this afternoon?”

				“A picnic? I haven’t been on one since I was a kid.”

				My dad loved picnics. We would each make our own sandwiches. Mom would make one of her homemade apple pies. We’d play bocce ball. I haven’t thought about those family picnics for years.

				I can see and hear my dad so clearly. His broad smile. The glint in his eyes. His contagious laugh. I miss him. But I’m taken off guard by how much I miss the other faces around that picnic blanket—my mother, my sister and Jamie.

				“You alright?” Raine sets breakfast in front of me.

				“I’m fine. Just thinking about...a picnic.” I smile. “I’d love to go.”

				“Great. Now, try this.” He feeds me the spinach omelet he’s been making.

				“Delish.” I take the fork from him, stab another forkful and shove it into my mouth.

				He pours me a glass of orange juice.

				“What else is on the agenda this weekend?” I ask between bites of omelet.

				Raine stands behind me and wraps his arms around my waist. “Let’s just say omelets and orange juice aren’t the only O I plan to give you this weekend.” He laughs when I drop my fork. “I have a few errands to run this morning and I need to go home and change first,” he continues.

				“Would it be easier if I just got dressed and went with you?” I ask, hoping for a chance to see his place.

				“No,” he says quickly. “I mean, it won’t take me long. I’ll be back in a couple of hours. When I get back maybe I can show you a few more of my...hidden talents.”

				Clearing my throat, I try to smile demurely. “I think that can be arranged.” I take a sip of orange juice.

				“Then it’s a date.” Raine turns my chair around and kisses me long and hard. A kiss that melts me like a pudding pop dropped on a sizzling summer sidewalk.

				I squeeze my eyes shut and remind myself not to get used to this. In a few days I’ll be back in Cleveland for a visit. Less than a month from now my fling with Raine will be nothing more than a pleasant memory.

				So why am I missing him from the moment the door clicks shut?





		 			 				Chapter Six

				I navigate Cleveland Hopkins International Airport with my carry-on bag in tow. When I step through the sliding glass doors, I’m greeted by the noticeably cooler Cleveland air.

				This ain’t San Francisco.

				I look for Jamie’s beat-up Ford Explorer. It isn’t here. I flip open my cell phone and call her.

				“You curbside yet?” she asks.

				“I just walked through the doors,” I say, looking around.

				“Okay, I see you.”

				“I don’t see you.”

				“I’m right here.” Jamie pulls up and grins at me.

				Walking up to the black BMW 535i, I peer inside. “Should I expect a police chase on the ride home?” I ask my starving artist friend, who is clearly not the owner of this car.

				“Shut up and get in already.” Jamie pops the trunk.

				I lift the trunk, checking for the tied-up vehicle owner. All clear. I put my bag in the trunk and get in the car. “You look fantastic, James.” I examine a few strands of her coal-black hair, accented with light and dark shades of auburn. “I love the highlights.”

				She smiles. “Thanks.”

				Jamie’s perpetual smoky eye shadow is replaced by a subtler framing of her shimmering green eyes with delicate shades of fawn, mocha and copper. A barely there shade of pink is on her lips.

				“Oh my God! Jamie, you look incredible! What happened to the woman who insisted goth is forever?”

				Jamie shrugs. “People change. I just wanted to try something a little different. You really like it? You’re not just saying that to be nice?”

				I survey my friend. She’s wearing a pair of jeans with no rips, holes or tears and a simple green blouse. “You look amazing. I mean it.”

				“Thanks!” Jamie hugs me tightly. I’m taken aback. Jamie has never been big on displays of affection. She tolerates them but rarely initiates them. Her birth parents showed her little affection. It’s one of the reasons she’s such a hard ass. She wears her tough-girl exterior like an exoskeleton. Moments like this are rare.

				“I’m so glad you’re coming home. You know I’m a complete mess without you.”

				I smile. “I miss you, too.”

				An officer taps the window. “Keep it moving, ladies!”

				“Alright! Alright!” Jamie huffs before throwing the car into gear and pulling off.

				“This is really nice.” I survey the beige leather interior and light wood trim. “Who’s the owner, and how much of a head start do we have on him?”

				Jamie once dated a guy who boosted cars to pay his college tuition. Maybe she got more than just mono from the guy.

				“Give me a little credit, Mel. I haven’t knowingly been in a stolen car in years.”

				I cringe. “So what’s the story on this one?” I settle back against the seat, my arms folded.

				Jamie looks straight ahead, concentrating on the road. Not her usual sightseeing-while-driving style. She clears her throat. “First I’d better tell you what’s been going on with me.”

				I contort in my seat so my body faces hers. “What do you mean? It’s not like we don’t talk regularly. You’ve been holding out on me?”

				She frowns as she glances over her shoulder and merges into the right lane. “Maybe I was afraid I’d jinx it.”

				“Jinx what? What’s going on?”

				My heart beats a little faster. Jamie’s surprises are rarely good. The more low-key she is about them, the worse they are. She’s been known to say things like: “Oh, by the way I’m going to be evicted this week,” or “I stabbed a guy who tried to mug me the other day. He might die,” in the same nonchalant manner someone else might say, “It’s raining outside” or “The mail is here.”

				“Nothing bad,” Jamie says immediately, sensing my fear.

				“So it’s something good then. What is it? Spit it out!”

				“First, I’ve been working part-time in a local gallery in addition to my bartending gig. The owner is this cool artist. Her name is Nazirah Jiménez. She’s amazing. She’s been teaching me about the business side of art and how to run a gallery. She encouraged me to take some classes to help me become a better artist and a real businesswoman.”

				“You’re taking classes?” It took our entire family to will Jamie through high school and across that stage to get her diploma. We haven’t been able to talk her into so much as a cooking class since.

				She smiles proudly. “Yep. I started off with a three-week Artist as an Entrepreneur course. I learned a lot about raising capital, pricing and how to protect my rights as an artist. It changed my attitude about my work. I’ve taken courses offered by local multimedia artists to learn new techniques and expand my skills. My last two classes were taught by local art legends. It’s been surreal.”

				“Jamie, that’s wonderful. Why would you keep that from me? You know I’d be thrilled for you.”

				“Maybe I wanted to see your reaction in person, to see you proud of me.”

				It breaks my heart when she says this. I think of all the certificates and awards crowding the mantle when we were growing up. Only a couple of art certificates were for her. I swallow hard and force a smile. It couldn’t have been easy for her, always feeling like the odd kid out. Not because she was a different race, or from a different family. But because she’d always seemed so broken. It affected every aspect of her life. “I’ve always been proud of you.”

				Jamie’s life has been filled with drama and pain. My family and I have been there through most of it. Jamie followed me home after school one day when we were eight years old. She’d just moved to the area and didn’t want to go home because her parents were always fighting. My mother made her call home to ask if she could stay for dinner. Her mother didn’t much care. Jamie’s spent most nights at our dinner table since then.

				When she was ten, her parents split. She hasn’t heard from her father since. She threatened to run away from home at thirteen—though it was more of a promise than a threat. She was fully prepared to live on the streets, rather than with her junkie mother and her mother’s boyfriend-of-the-week. She made me promise not to tell. It’s a promise I’m glad I broke.

				I went to my parents in tears and begged them to let Jamie come and live with us. My parents loved Jamie and worried about her constantly. They took her in and became her legal guardians.

				High school was a difficult period for her. We weathered the years that she experimented with sex, drinking and drugs. My parents never gave up on her. Eventually she settled down a bit.

				“Thanks.” She seems genuinely happy. “For the first time in a long time, I’m proud of myself, too.”

				“Now, what’s the other surprise, and who the hell does this Beamer belong to?”

				Jamie laughs. “Oh yeah, about that...I told you I took a better bartending gig about a year ago. The music is lame, but the pay is better and the tips are great,” she says, “so what are you gonna do?”

				“The sacrifices we career women must make.”

				Jamie scrunches her button nose and makes a face at me. “Anyway, about six months ago I started dating this guy who was a regular. His name’s Miles Copeland.”

				“You’re still dating him?” I’m not being facetious. Jamie doesn’t believe in long, drawn-out relationships. At least not the Jamie I know.

				“I am. We’ve talked about me maybe moving in with him.”

				My eyes practically bulge out of my head. Jamie has always found it easier to allow a man into her bed than into her heart. I’m astounded that Miles Copeland has achieved both. “So tell me more about the guy who’s got you ready to put down roots. I assume the ride belongs to him.”

				“It does. Byron’s in the shop right now. Miles insisted I take the Beamer.” “Byron” is what Jamie calls her 1995 Ford Explorer. She says the name just came to her when she saw him.

				I look around the interior of the car once more. “Nice ride. I assume he’s got the great job that goes with it.”

				Jamie nods enthusiastically. “He’s an ad exec at one of the top firms in town.”

				Again, surprising. Jamie’s never much cared for things like that. She usually goes for the most dangerous-looking guy in the room with the most piercings. Income and status rank well below musical taste and the ability to hold one’s liquor.

				“I can’t believe you’ve been holding out on me, but I’m really happy for you, hon.”

				“I can’t wait for you to meet him. He’s amazing.”

				“Oh my God...” I put my hand to my chest. “Are you in love, Jamie Charles?”

				She bites her lip and cringes. A semi-smile emerges. “I dunno. Maybe. I’ve never felt like this about anybody before.”

				I shake my head, still not believing what I’m hearing. My best friend is in love. Not in lust. Not in one of her typical destructive relationships. Not even in an I’m-just-killing-time-until-someone-better-comes-along relationship. “Jamie the happy homemaker. It’s an image I’ll have to get used to.”

				Jamie laughs. “Mom’s teaching me to cook. I wanna surprise Miles. He usually does the cooking.”

				I close my eyes and picture Jamie with her midnight black hair, nose ring and tattooed arms laboring over the stove to fix a holiday meal. I smile. Life back home won’t be exactly as I’d anticipated.





		 			 				Chapter Seven

				Jamie pulls into the driveway of the suburban home where I grew up. The place is too big for my mom, but she’s isn’t ready to let go of it. There are so many memories. She wants her grandchildren to grow up here—in a house filled with love and history.

				Jamie has to go to work. She says she’ll see me for family dinner on Sunday and asks me to give Mom a kiss for her.

				I drag my carry-on to the side door, let myself in and tiptoe up the steps leading to the kitchen. The tantalizing aroma of tangy, moist chicken, creamy potatoes, steamed broccoli and fresh, homemade apple pie fills my nostrils. I inhale the delicious scent of home then leave my bag by the door and creep into the living room where the TV is blaring. “Mom! I’m home.”

				“Melanie!” My mother grabs her chest. She’s more than a little surprised to see me, as is the older gentleman she’s cuddled up next to on the couch. Mom leaps to her feet and runs to me, looking as guilty as a cat with canary feathers dangling from its mouth. “What on earth are you doing here? You said you’d be home at the end of the month.” Her voice is two full octaves higher than the situation requires. She positions her body between me and the old codger on the sofa.

				My heart is racing. Tears prick the backs of my eyes and choke me. My gaze never leaves the man sitting on the couch, where my dad and I watched television on Saturday mornings. I blink back angry tears and clear my throat. I finally turn to look at my mother. “I wanted to surprise you. Guess I did.” Arms folded, I nod toward her cozy little companion perched on the edge of the sofa, watching us. “Who’s your friend, Mom?”

				The handsome older man with dark brown skin and a mouth full of gorgeous white teeth that appear to be his own stands and runs one hand over his crop of salt-and-pepper gray hair. He offers the other to me. “Hello, Melanie. I’m Walter Ferris, a friend of your mother’s. It sure is good to finally meet you. I’ve heard so much about you.”

				She hasn’t said a single word about you. I shake his hand and force a smile, eyeing my mother. “Only good things, I hope.”

				“Walter, why don’t you help yourself to some pie while I get Melanie settled.”

				“Ellie, maybe I should go. I’m sure you two have lots to catch up on.”

				“Yes, lots.” My voice is tight as I try to sear the visual of my mother practically making out with this guy on the couch from my brain. Nope. It’s still there.

				“Don’t be silly. I just need a few minutes with Melanie. Upstairs.” She addresses the man as she places her hand firmly on my lower back.

				He shifts his weight from one leg to the other and runs a hand over his head again. “Are you sure? We can do this another night.”

				“Do what?” I look back at my mother, eyes widened.

				“We’re making plans for the fall dance at the senior center, that’s all.” Mom’s eyes are fixed on Walter as she speaks. She’s willing him to remain silent—a look I know well.

				“Don’t let me disrupt your plans. I can take care of myself.” I go back to the kitchen to get my bag.

				When I pass the living room again, my mom and Mr. Ferris are whispering loudly. She’s sitting on the couch next to him, her hand on his forearm. She says something to him, pats his knee and then follows me upstairs.

				“It was nice to meet you, Mr. Ferris,” I call to the man who looks like he just stepped out of a Viagra commercial.

				“You, too, Melanie!”

				I head to my old room. Not much has changed in the past twenty years. The same dull periwinkle paint barely clings to the walls. There are traces of tape from the posters of Michael, Janet, Madonna and Bon Jovi that covered my walls all those years ago. The signed New Edition poster is all that remains. The curtains are the same white floral sheers my mother bought when I was in middle school.

				I prop my suitcase on the blanket chest at the foot of my bed and unzip it. My mother rushes into my room, out of breath.

				“Gonna be okay there, Mom?”

				She shoots me a look that tells me she doesn’t think I’m very funny then sits on my bed. “Melanie, why didn’t you tell me you were flying in this weekend?”

				“I thought it would be a nice surprise. That you’d be pleased.” I open the one drawer that doesn’t have any of my nephews’ clothing in it and shove a few items inside.

				“I’m thrilled you’re here.” Her voice softens. “But I like to have things ready when you come home, honey. You understand.”

				I’m not sure I do. I study her face for a moment. My mother is fifty-nine years old and still beautiful. Her hazelnut-colored skin is firm and toned, only offering a hint of her real age. Her hair is black with a deep blue overcast—her favorite Jazzing coloring. Still, she looks a little older, a little more tired than when I was home six months ago. I put my things away in silence.

				“I’m so glad to see you, sweetheart. It’s been a long time.” My mother stands and hugs me. “You shouldn’t stay away so long.”

				I relax and hug her back. “I’ve just been really busy at work, but I know that’s no excuse.”

				“Well, you’re making it up to me by moving back home. Your sisters and I couldn’t be happier.” My mom always refers to Jamie as our sister. She and my dad would always tell people they had three daughters. Dad got a kick out of seeing the surprise on people’s faces when he claimed a little white girl with red hair as one of his daughters. “It’ll be like old times.”

				“Not exactly. Apparently Jamie has morphed into the perfect girlfriend. Mimi is an old married woman with children. And you’ve got a new...friend.”

				“Walter is a very nice man I met at the senior center. We’ve become very good friends.”

				“I saw.” I try to rein in my smirk. My mother isn’t above giving me a pinch if she feels I’m getting a little too mouthy—even though I’m nearly thirty-two.

				“There wasn’t anything to see,” she insists.

				Except his arm around your shoulder. I want to push the subject with my mother, but I know her well enough to realize she has absolutely no intention of revealing anything more about the nature of her and Walter’s relationship. At least, not today. I sigh. “So, how are Mimi and the kids? We haven’t spoken in a while.”

				“Your sister says you never call her anymore.”

				“The phone works both ways, Mom.” I look under my bed for my favorite pair of slippers.

				“Your sister is raising two children and she had to go back to work.”

				“Why?” I pull my head from underneath the bed. A dust bunny falls from my hair and drifts to the floor. “I thought she was staying home with the boys through elementary school.”

				“She was. Unfortunately, Marcus hasn’t been able to find anything that meets his salary expectations since he got laid off.” She rolls her eyes and sighs.

				Now I feel badly about not calling Mimi. It seemed we couldn’t have a simple conversation anymore. One kid would be swinging on the chandelier and the other would be trying to tie something to the dog’s tail. Neither of us could complete a sentence before she had to call one of them. I’d grown frustrated with the entire process and resorted to emailing her. But Mimi had little time for email.

				“Who’s watching the boys?” I open the closet, still looking for my slippers.

				“Marcus, supposedly. Me, most of the time. He brings the boys over in the morning to go job hunting but doesn’t return to pick them up until an hour before Mimi gets home.”

				“Have you talked to her about it?”

				“She’s got enough on her mind.”

				“Why don’t you just tell Marcus no?”

				“And risk him not getting a job?”

				“Okay, I see your point. So just call him on his bullshit. He thinks he’s slick, that’s all. Tell him to come right back and pick up the kids. Give him two or three hours and say you’ll expect him back then. He’ll get the point.”

				I like my brother-in-law, but he’s far better with computers than he is with people. He’s clueless about anything you don’t need to be a rocket scientist to understand.

				“Be nice, Melanie,” my mother warns. “And what are you looking for?”

				I’m on my hands and knees, looking under the dresser. “My pink slippers. Have you seen them?”

				Mom bites her lip and frowns. “The boys used your slippers as makeshift shovels. I threw them out. Don’t worry, I’ll buy you another pair.”

				I’m annoyed and a little hurt. I’ve had those slippers for years. They remind me of everything good about being home. “It’s not a big deal.” I climb to my feet and shake more dust bunnies from my hair. “Besides, isn’t your friend still downstairs?”

				“Oh my gosh.” Mom springs toward the door. “I nearly forgot. Why don’t you get settled then come down and join us for dessert? You’re going to love Walter. He’s such a dear man. He reminds me so much of—”

				“Don’t.” My body tenses. My voice strains. “I know what you’re going to say, so please...just...don’t.”

				“Alright.” She leans in to kiss my cheek then picks a piece of lint from my hair. “Come down and join us, if you like. If not, I’m sure Walter won’t be here very long, anyway. It’s getting late.” Mom closes the door and heads downstairs.

				I finish unpacking. My phone rings. It’s Raine.

				“Hey,” I say casually. “What’s up?”

				“Hello, gorgeous. I tried to reach you at work today, but your voice mail said you’d be out until Monday.”

				“I am. Out, I mean. I thought I mentioned that I’d be tied up all weekend.”

				“You did,” he acknowledges, “but it’s Wednesday. Besides, I thought you’d be busy with work.”

				“I am. Sort of. I’m in Cleveland.”

				“Oh. For how long?”

				“’Til Sunday. Why don’t you come over on Sunday night when I get back? Around nine o’clock?”

				“I’ll be there.”

				“Great.” I trace the pattern on the quilt my grandmother and I made together when I was eleven. “I’ll see you then.”

				“Count on it.”

				I lay on my bed, staring at the popcorn ceiling. I remember when Mom and Dad worked on the project. They loved doing home renovation projects together. Jamie and I hated getting dragged into their latest project, but Mimi loved helping. That’s probably why she decided to get a degree in interior design. Unfortunately, she hasn’t had much cause to use it.

				She met Marcus as a junior at the Cleveland Institute of Art. They got married right out of college and within a year, Mickey was born. A year and a half later, they had Dusty.

				For the past five years, my sister has poured her heart and soul into being a wife and mother, creating a picture-perfect home for her family. I worry one day she’ll wake up and wonder what happened to all of her hopes and dreams. Will she feel cheated and resentful, or will it all be worth it?

				I should call her, but a million thoughts flood my brain. The new job. Moving. Jamie. Mom’s new mystery friend, Walter Ferris. Raine...

				I retreat into the warmth and comfort of my grandmother’s quilt to take a short nap.

				It’s the sunlight creeping through the yellowing shade and fragile sheer curtains that urges me out of bed at seven the next morning.

				* * *

				I track damp footsteps down the hall and into my bedroom. My hair is wet from the shower. My skin peeks from beneath the towel. My mother’s towels don’t provide full coverage for my blossoming hips anymore.

				I slip into a gray tracksuit and review my plan of attack. First I’ll walk my old neighborhood—Coventry in Cleveland Heights. I miss its Bohemian feel. The used record stores, underground clubs, ethnic eateries and consignment shops. At around eleven, I’ll head to our new office downtown. Later I’ll tour downtown lofts, a condo in Westlake and one in Rocky River.

				I trot down the stairs with my sneakers in hand and place them at the back door. Mom’s making my favorite—Belgian waffles with warm strawberry syrup and slices of turkey bacon.

				“Morning, Mom.” I kiss her cheek. “Everything smells fantastic.”

				She smiles and pours more batter on the waffle iron. “How’d you sleep?”

				“Too well. I closed my eyes for a few minutes, next thing I knew it was morning. Why didn’t you wake me? We could’ve watched a movie or something. Unless maybe you didn’t want me around, with your friend here and all.” I smirk as I pour warm syrup onto my waffles.

				My mother frowns and grabs the whipped cream out of the refrigerator. She sets it on the table with a loud thud. “I told you, Walter is a very, very good friend.”

				“That’s a lot of verys.” I struggle to get whipped cream out of the nearly empty can. Just how much pie has Walter been over here eating? I shudder thinking of the guy I dated who had a thing about putting whipped cream...everywhere. God, I hope all they’ve been doing is cuddling on the couch and eating pie.

				“You’re reaching. It sounds like a ploy to avoid talking about your love life.” Mom puts the lid back on the can of whipped cream. “Or lack thereof.”

				“I don’t have time for a relationship at this point in my life.” There’s no way I’m telling her about my current...whatever this is with Raine. “I’m opening a brand-new branch of Jasper & Graevel. Me, Mom. Can you believe it?”

				She sits next to me and squeezes my arm. “Of course I can. You’re my daughter, aren’t you? You can do anything you put your mind to. That includes finding the right man.” My mother winks at me.

				I should have known these damn waffles would come with a price.

				“Isn’t this the same conversation we had, like, a week ago?” I stuff a forkful of waffles in my mouth. They’re even better than I remember.

				“Okay, so we won’t talk about it.” She pours each of us a cup of coffee. “Not now, at least.”

				I’ll settle for this small victory. “I plan to walk the old neighborhood. Get a feel for it again. See what’s changed. Want to come along?”

				“I’m teaching a restorative yoga class at the senior center later this morning. I was hoping you’d want to come along.”

				“You teach yoga?”

				“I’m a certified instructor.” She smiles proudly. “Haven’t you noticed I’ve slimmed down?” Mom lifts the bottom of the large sweatshirt that practically swallows her and pulls out the waistband of her sweatpants to show me how much room she has in them.

				“Wow, you look great!” Why didn’t I notice her trimmed-down figure yesterday? Perhaps I was distracted by the old coot draped all over her. “You certainly have a lot of secrets.”

				She purses her lips and tightens her jaw. “You’ve just been too preoccupied for your mother these days.” She adds cream and sugar to our coffee and sets my mug on the table in front of me before getting her waffles out of the iron.

				Preoccupied. Now there’s a fully loaded, utterly accusatory word when used by the woman who endured twenty hours of labor to give birth to you.

				I sip my coffee slowly—a stall tactic I’ve employed since I was twelve. Orange juice was my weapon of choice back then. “I’m sorry I haven’t been home much. But I’m here now. I’ll make it up to you. I promise.”

				My mother looks up from slicing her waffles. “I’m not trying to make you feel guilty. I just miss you, that’s all.”

				“I miss you, too, Mom.” For the first time in a long time, I realize just how much I mean it.





		 			 				Chapter Eight

				“Melanie!” Mimi hugs me tightly. She still smells like lilacs and freesia. “It’s so good to see you. Things haven’t been the same without you. Besides, you’re missing out on seeing your nephews grow up. I swear those boys grow every single night in their sleep.”

				“I can’t wait to see them.” I pull out a kitchen chair and sit down. “So how’ve you been? Mom says you’re working.”

				“I am.”

				“Tell me about your job.”

				“It’s not a big deal, really. Not like you, Ms. Branch Manager.” Mimi smiles.

				“Yes, it is,” I insist. “I want to hear all about it.”

				Mimi places her jacket on the back of the chair and sits down. “It’s a long-term contract position to keep us going until Marcus finds something.”

				“What type of work are you doing?”

				“I work in the personnel department for the Monarchs.”

				“The Cleveland Monarchs?”

				“Is there more than one?” Coming from my sister, this is a fair question.

				“Are you serious? Why didn’t you tell me this before?”

				“It’s not like I’m on the field with them.”

				“The court.”

				“What?”

				“Basketball is played on a court, not a field. A field is football or soccer...” I pause when I notice her look of complete bewilderment. “Never mind. Did it not occur to you to mention this to your sister, an avid sports fan?”

				“You mean you actually like sports?”

				I look at Mimi in amused disbelief. Sometimes I think she was switched at birth. That would explain why she has delicate features like a supermodel and I look more like a life-sized Raggedy Ann doll. “Yes, I actually like sports.”

				“I thought that was just for Daddy. Or a clever scheme to pick up hot guys while looking at even hotter guys. Though apparently it’s not working.” She smirks.

				I ball up a napkin and toss it at her head. She bats it back toward me and laughs.

				“This is a WNBA team. What’s the point if there are no hot guys to ogle? Unless, of course...” She raises an eyebrow.

				“I’m seriously considering murdering you right now.” I try to maintain a serious demeanor, but a smile breaks out across my face and gives me away. We both giggle the way we did when we were kids.

				“Relax. I’m just kidding. Sorta.” She eyes me with one eyebrow raised. “Though that would explain your sad sense of style and the fact that no man can possibly stand up to your demands.”

				“Shut it.” I point a finger at her. “Don’t you start, too, Mini-Mom.”

				Mimi sticks her tongue out at me then smiles.

				“So you must’ve met all the players. What’re they like?”

				“I’ve met a few. Everyone’s nice and the money is decent. And to be honest, I like the feeling of being out and working. Plus I’m pretty good at what I do. Still I miss being home with the boys. We spend a couple of hours together at night then it’s time for bed.” Mimi’s eyes glisten.

				I reach for her hand. “It’s only temporary. Marcus’ll be working again soon, and you’ll be back at home, just like you planned.”

				“Yeah.” She shrugs, a slight frown tugging the corners of her mouth down.

				“Isn’t that what you want?”

				“Of course,” Mimi says quickly. She stands and pushes the chair underneath the table. “Well, I just wanted to stop by and say hi. The kids and I will come by tomorrow.” She picks up her purse and jacket and heads for the door.

				I follow her. “Mimi, I’m sorry about not staying in touch.”

				“It’s not like we could get much conversation in anyway.” She forces a laugh. “I get it. It’s okay, really. ’Night.”

				“’Night.” I close the door behind her.

				Mimi’s attempt to absolve me of guilt only makes me feel worse. She was the bratty little sister who wanted everything her way. Now I feel like the self-centered diva who thinks her life and time are more important than everyone else’s.

				How the hell did that happen?

				* * *

				On Sunday evening, my family gathers around the large oak dining table my grandparents had once owned. Decades’ worth of dents and scratches are hidden beneath the floral tablecloth.

				There are nine of us at Sunday dinner. My mother and Walter, Mimi and Marcus, Mickey and Dusty, Jamie and Miles and me. We’ve had family dinners at this table as long as I can remember. So why do I suddenly feel like an outsider in my own family?

				Jamie’s boyfriend, Miles, is charming and handsome. He’s about five foot eleven with a lean, athletic build. His messy crop of brown hair, shimmering blue eyes and bottomless dimples make him irresistible. His forehead crinkles when he laughs, which is often. He’s adorable.

				I watch Jamie with Miles. He’s the first man she’s dated who’s suitable to bring home to family dinner. She’s happier than I’ve ever seen her.

				“Jamie tells me you’re heading up a new branch of Jasper & Graevel. Congratulations.” Miles’s smile is broad. “That’s quite an accomplishment for someone so young.”

				“Thanks. Especially for the part about me being young. I don’t hear that too often. My mother thinks I’m an old maid who needs to settle down.”

				“That isn’t exactly what I said.” Mom looks over at Walter then says, “My daughter tends to exaggerate.”

				“What did you say, Mom?” Jamie asks.

				“Just that she has a birthday coming up and—”

				“Wasn’t there something about me not getting any younger?”

				My mother frowns. “Maybe. I don’t recall exactly.”

				We all laugh, even Mickey and Dusty. They have no idea what’s funny, but they won’t be left out of the fun.

				“That’s so mean, Mom,” Jamie says. “Women are at their prime in their thirties.” Jamie sneaks a look at me and smiles.

				I stifle a giggle and Mimi blushes. We know she means that women are in their prime sexually in their thirties. I catch a glimpse of Miles out of the corner of my eye. He’s trying his best to swallow a grin. Apparently he knows what she means, too.

				“I’m not saying that you aren’t,” Mom says. “It’s just that I want Melanie, and you, Jamie, to experience the same kind of happiness your sister and Marcus have. What your father and I had. Marriage, children, a home. You can’t spend your entire lives as bachelorettes.”

				“Can’t or shouldn’t?” I’m enjoying this.

				“Shouldn’t,” Miles interjects. He kisses Jamie’s hand. His eyes do a little dance. “Life’s too short not to spend it with someone you’re crazy about.”

				Jamie blushes. Another new trick performed by the parallel-universe version of my best friend.

				Every woman at this table has fallen in love with Miles. We do a collective girl sigh, punctuated by Mimi’s “That is so sweet,” and a “How romantic” from my mother.

				Marcus rolls his eyes and stuffs half a dinner roll in his mouth.

				Walter points at Miles and chuckles. “You’re smooth, young fella. I’ll certainly give you that.”

				Walter has summed things up pretty well. Miles is smooth, like butta. Still, I don’t doubt his sincerity. Of course, I only have two hours of dinner conversation on which to base this assessment.

				Mimi wipes her mouth with a napkin. “Getting married and starting a family...it’s one of the best decisions I ever made. I have no regrets.” She smiles at Marcus. He misses their moment, consumed with the precision carving of his pork chops.

				“That’s great, Mimi.” Jamie gives her a half smile. “Now, could you please pass the potatoes?”

				Mimi sticks her tongue out at Jamie then hands her the large glass bowl.

				“What about your career?” Everyone turns to look at me as if we’re in the Middle Ages and I’ve just proclaimed that the earth is, in fact, round. “You spent five years of your life with the sole intention of becoming an interior designer. Don’t you ever regret not pursuing your dreams?”

				Mimi purses her lips and folds her napkin neatly on the table. “Marcus, Mickey and Dusty are my life. And it’s a good one. I haven’t abandoned my dream. It’s just changed, that’s—”

				Mimi is interrupted by the sound of dishware crashing to the floor. My two-and-a-half-year-old nephew, Dusty, points to the floor. “Oooooooh!”

				“Sorry, Mom. I’ll clean that up.” Mimi springs from her chair and hurries toward the kitchen.

				“I’ll help you.” I push back from the table.

				“No. Enjoy your dinner. Marcus and I can take care of it.”

				Marcus sighs and saunters over to the scene of the crime.

				I watch him out of the corner of my eye as the rest of us return to dinner. Marcus strikes me as a man sleepwalking through his own life. It’s not that my sister is bossy. Marcus just seems to float through life like an untethered sailboat with no real direction of his own.

				He loves Mimi and the kids, but is this how he pictured his life? I feel a little sorry for him.

				“Melanie, your mom is so excited about you moving back home. It’s all she can talk about over at the senior center. It’ll be great for her to have some company in this big old house.” Walter seems anxious to gain my approval. I wish he would’ve asked about the damn weather in San Francisco instead.

				“I’m excited to return to Cleveland.” I employ the fine art of stating just enough.

				My mother stares at me for a moment. “You’re not moving back home?”

				Damn! I’d nearly forgotten that she’s a master at hearing the unsaid. I take another bite of green bean casserole. “For a few weeks maybe, until I get my own place.”

				My mother’s face drops. I shoot Walter an accusatory look. He shrugs and looks apologetic.

				A lot of good that does me now.

				“There’s plenty of room here. Why waste money on a mortgage or rent? You can save that money for...well, you know, whenever you’ll need it.”

				“I appreciate your offer.” I muster the most sincere expression I can manage. “But I’ll be here for at least the next five years. It makes sense to purchase real estate now, while it’s such a buyer’s market. It’s an investment in my future.”

				My mother pouts and pushes food around her plate.

				“That’s a brilliant idea, Melanie,” Walter says. “You’re a smart lady. Get in while the prices are low. When the market rebounds, you’ll see a nice return.”

				He winks at me. I smile. He’s redeemed himself. A little.

				“What neighborhoods are you considering?” Miles chimes in.

				Dammit! What is it with these guys? “Downtown. Westlake. Rocky River. Lakewood.” The words come out in a jumbled mutter.

				“Downtown? In those overpriced lofts they’re building for out-of-towners who don’t know any better?” My mother acts like I’ve announced I’m moving to Mars.

				Miles laughs.

				Jamie places her hand over his and tries to restrain a laugh. “Mom, Miles lives downtown.”

				“My point exactly!” Mom waves her hands wildly. “Miles is from New York City, where a one-bedroom apartment can go for a million dollars. You—” she points a jeweled finger in my direction, “—I expect to know better.”

				“Those are really good choices, Melanie,” Marcus says. My mother frowns at him, but he continues. “Resale value should be your chief concern, even at the point of purchase. There was a recent article in Cleveland Magazine on top-rated Cleveland neighborhoods. It’s in the car, if you’d like to read it.” He returns to his food, oblivious to Mom and Mimi’s stares.

				“Thanks, Marcus.” I smile. He nods in return.

				“Are we ready for dessert? I made blackberry cobbler.” Mom stands then heads to the kitchen. I’m hard on her heels.

				I grab the plates while she looks for oven mitts. “I’m an adult. I need my own space. It’s not like you’ll never see me.”

				My mother gives me a canned smile. “It does mean I’ll see you less than I’d hoped. We miss having you in our lives. In our own way we all need you. Mimi, Jamie, even me.”

				“Jamie’s in an amazing place. I can hardly believe it’s her. Mimi has Marcus and the boys and a great job to tide them over until he gets back to work. And you, Mom...I haven’t seen you this happy...in a really long time.” I pick up a stack of dessert plates and grab a handful of forks. “You guys certainly don’t need me, but I’ll be here anyway. Just a half-hour drive away. And I’ll be right here at the table for dinner every Sunday.”

				Mom puts on the oven mitts and picks up the casserole dish filled with her senior center first-prize-winning cobbler. “Promise?”

				“Promise.” I push the door open for her. The dinner table erupts in applause at the aromatic arrival of Mom’s blackberry cobbler.





		 			 				Chapter Nine

				I’m exhausted. My flight was delayed an hour, and we spent thirty minutes sitting on the tarmac. The older gentleman seated next to me on the plane smelled like six cloves of fresh garlic and an entire tube of liniment. He also had a penchant for open-mouth snoring that covered a complete symphonic range.

				At ten-thirty that night, I climb the stairs of my apartment. All I want is a hot shower and sleep—lots of it.

				“Hey, gorgeous.” Raine is seated on a chaise in the hall.

				“Oh my gosh. I’m so sorry.” I put one hand to my mouth. “My flight was delayed. I didn’t think to call.” I neglect to mention I’d forgotten that he was coming over tonight.

				“I brought food.” He holds up a grease-stained paper bag.

				“Thanks.” I smile. “I’m starving.”

				He plants a quick kiss on my lips then relieves me of the carry-on so I can unlock the door. “How was your trip?”

				“Fantastic. It was really great to see everyone.”

				“Great,” he echoes. The slump of his shoulders and the way his face has fallen indicates that he thinks otherwise.

				I open the door and toss my keys on the table, pretending not to notice his disappointment that my first trip back was a success. “Make yourself at home.”

				Raine puts my luggage against the wall. He stretches. His shirt creeps up a tad, just enough to offer a sweet glimpse of those incredible abs. I bite my lip and let out a little sigh.

				He sinks into the soft cushions of the couch and extends his legs. “You must be exhausted.”

				“You have no idea. I packed a week of activities into four days. It’ll take another three days to recover.” I flop down on the couch, my thigh against his.

				He puts his arm around me, and I relax into him.

				“Then I won’t stay,” he whispers. “But I needed to see you. I’ve missed you.”

				“I missed you, too.” I tuck my head underneath his chin, avoiding his eyes. My grandmother’s words echo in my head. “Don’t start nothin’ you cain’t finish, baby.” That’s exactly what we’ve done.

				Raine offers to warm our food. I take a quick shower and unpack. He lights candles, turns down the lights and pours wine. A cozy dinner for two.

				We sit on floor pillows at the coffee table.

				“Your mom must have been shocked when you showed up at her door.” Raine scoops General Tso’s chicken onto his plate.

				“She was shocked, alright.” I lick sticky, sweet sauce off my fingers. “But not as shocked as the old dude she was cuddled with on the couch.”

				“Your mom has a boyfriend?” He pulls his chopsticks apart. Show-off. “But I’m not surprised.” He nods toward a picture of my mom over the television. “She’s hot.” He winks at me.

				I cringe the way I did when I was fifteen and some sleazy guy at the grocery store would say, “You two must be sisters.”

				“Oh, come on. Don’t be that way. You should be happy your mom still looks great. You’ll be thankful for those genes in thirty years.”

				“I’m happy she looks great. I just don’t want to see her with Mr. Viagra Commercial, that’s all.”

				“So you’d rather she sit home alone watching soap operas?” He scoops up some of the rice and chicken with the chopsticks effortlessly. For a second I hate him the tiniest little bit.

				“You make me sound so...”

				“Selfish?”

				“No...”

				“Jealous?”

				“Okay, you’re not very good at this game. I was going to say self-centered.” I freeze, my fork in midair. “Is that what you think? That I’m selfish?”

				Raine scoops more rice and chicken into his mouth and chews in silence. Finally he says, “If you’re asking me if I think you’re a selfish person, the answer is no.”

				I relax and shove what hasn’t fallen off my fork into my mouth.

				“If you’re asking if, in this instance, you’re being a bit selfish...then I’d have to say yes.” Raine responds with a smile to my widened eyes and pout. “Admit it, when you left home you were the center of your mother’s universe. You return to find she has a life, and it sounds like a pretty damned good one. You should be happy for her.”

				I narrow my eyes, twist my mouth then sigh. “I’m thrilled she has her own thing going on. In fact, I wish she had more to do. Maybe she wouldn’t have time to meddle in my life.”

				Raine laughs. “That’s what moms do. She just wants the best for you. You’ll find middle ground. Don’t worry. The important thing is you’ll be surrounded by people who love you. You’re a lucky woman.”

				“Am I? I mean, I work my ass off for this kind of career opportunity, but then it means leaving San Francisco, where I want to be. And you...our timing couldn’t be worse.” I put down my fork and wipe my hands. “Funny, but I don’t feel very lucky.”

				We spent last weekend revealing a little more of ourselves, like a complicated puzzle coming together piece by piece. We talked about everything—except for the fate of our relationship. Now that I’ve acknowledged the elephant in the room, I wish I could shove it back in the box.

				Raine sighs and pushes grains of rice around on his plate. “I know our timing isn’t the best, but—”

				My phone rings. I hold up one finger and answer, grateful for the reprieve. I’m not ready to have this discussion. Not now. Not tonight. Maybe never.

				Raine sighs.

				“Hi, Mom. Sorry I forgot to call,” I say before she can lay a carefully planned guilt trip on me.

				She pauses, partly relieved, slightly defeated. “As long as you’re okay.”

				“I am. Thanks.”

				“We’re all so excited you’re coming home.”

				“I’m excited about coming home, too.”

				Raine gets up and starts to stack our dishes.

				“Jamie is especially excited. It’ll be good for her to have you here again.”

				“She’s changed so much.”

				“Love brings out the best in us, Melanie. Your father and I...we had that kind of love. That’s what I want for you. The kind of happiness I had with your father. Every woman deserves to have that.”

				I look at Raine and swallow, hoping he doesn’t hear the thump of my heartbeat from across the room. “I know,” I say. “It’s late. Get some sleep. I’ll call you later this week.”

				I settle back into the couch, thinking about what my mom said. I’ve always envied my parents’ relationship. It was what I’d hoped to have with Jaxson.

				Mimi and Jamie seem to have found theirs. I, on the other hand, am destined to be a spinster with a house full of stray dogs—since I’m horribly allergic to cats.

				Part of me still wishes Jax could have been that guy, the one I’m supposed to be with forever. He was handsome, funny and had a great career ahead of him. Check. Check. Check. Jaxson had an incredible gift for making me feel...special. Sometimes when he’d stare at me from across the room it felt like there was no one else in the world besides us. Where he failed horribly was by being equally talented at disappointing me in grand fashion.

				My eyes sting with tears. I wipe them with the back of my sleeve. My gift for impossible relationships is clearly still intact. What I have with Raine feels so right. Like he’s the man I’m supposed to be with. But in a few short weeks, we’ll be thousands of miles apart.

				I have no idea what the future has in store for us. I only know that I want Raine now.

				“Hey, you.” I gesture with my index finger for him to come here.

				He sits on the couch and puts his arm around me. “I know it’s late and that you’re tired, but—”

				“I want you to stay.” I fiddle with the buttons on his shirt.

				He presses his lips against mine. Small jolts of electricity run down my spine. My pulse races. Scenes of our last intimate moments flood my brain. Judging by my body’s instant reaction, there will be more of the same in store tonight. Sooner rather than later, I hope.

				We never quite make it to bed, and there’s very little sleep involved. But the bags I’ll have under my eyes when I stroll into work tomorrow will be completely worth it.

				* * *

				Wednesday night, Raine and I sit on my couch, eating lamb madras, tandoori chicken and some of the best naan I’ve ever eaten. He’s practically moved in among the growing stacks of boxes I’ve managed to pack when I’m not working, surfing real estate websites or fielding calls from my family.

				Tonight we plan to watch a movie. But first I need to tell him I’m leaving for the weekend. My real estate agent has lined up several Westside condos and a few starter homes for us to tour. It’ll be a two-day marathon to find the perfect space. It makes sense to go. So why can’t I bring myself to tell him I’m leaving?

				“You’re quiet tonight.” Raine pours more chai tea into my cup. “Everything okay?”

				I sip some tea then inhale deeply. “I’m going home this weekend to do some house hunting. I have to have a definite timeline for moving into my own place. If I don’t, I’ll be sucked in like a vortex. I’ll never get out.” The words tumble from my lips like a bowling ball falling down a flight of stairs.

				Raine nods. He spoons more tandoori chicken onto his plate then scoops it up with a piece of the naan and shoves it into his mouth. He doesn’t respond. His eyes are locked onto the co-hosts of The Inside Sizzle as they chatter on about the latest exploits of pseudo-celeb bad girl siblings, Autumn and Summer Montgomery. Something he couldn’t possibly care about.

				“So, what do you have planned for this weekend?” Not my most original moment.

				He stares ahead, nibbling on naan. “I planned to take you out to dinner, maybe catch a show.”

				“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier that I’m leaving. And you know I’d love to spend the weekend with you. But I have to find a place of my own.”

				“So why not do both?” He tears another piece of naan and dips it in his lamb madras.

				“What do you mean?” I hope he isn’t asking what I think he’s asking.

				“I could come with you.” He watches for my reaction.

				“It’s generous of you to offer.” I plaster a superficial smile on my face. “But last-minute airline tickets would cost a fortune. I’d never expect you to take on such an expense.”

				Settling back into the couch, I take a long sip of tea. I hope this explanation, a perfectly reasonable argument, is enough to satisfy him. I don’t want to hurt his feelings, but we started this thing with the unstated understanding that it had the longevity of a carton of milk.

				Raine is the end-of-summer fling I should have had in my early twenties. The one you always remember but knew would never be anything more.

				Introducing him to my family would turn our relationship from a sweet memory to a nagging chorus sung by my mother and sister. Taking him to Cleveland is out of the question.

				Raine wipes his hands on a napkin and turns to me. “What you’re saying is you don’t want me to go with you.”

				So this is the downside to being with a man who actually has feelings. I put my cup down on the coffee table and turn to face him, folding my legs Indian-style on the couch. “This is complicated enough without getting my family involved.”

				He looks past me the way my mom does when she’s so angry or disappointed she can’t bear to look at me. Then he returns to eating his food in silence.

				I rub his lower back. “My mother lies awake at night, wondering if I’ll ever get married and round out the flock of grandchildren. If she meets you—”

				“It’s okay. I get it.” He chugs his tea then slumps against the couch.

				“I’m already under so much pressure with this new job. I don’t need the added pressure from my family. You understand, don’t you?”

				“I understand family can be a complicated thing.” He squeezes my hand. “I knew what the outcome would likely be the first night I kissed you,” he says. “But I couldn’t let you leave without at least trying.”

				“Most guys would consider this the perfect relationship.” I poke him with my elbow. “Three weeks, and you’re out. No attachments. No baggage. No promises. Just three weeks of incredibly hot sex.”

				“That’s what my brother keeps telling me,” he says. “But I don’t agree. I want more.”

				I clear our dishes from the table and take them to the sink. “More?”

				“More,” he says emphatically. Raine follows me to the kitchen and puts his arms around me, erasing the distance I hoped to create. He kisses me.

				My heart threatens to thump out of my chest. I pull back to catch my breath. My head must stay in control of this situation, not my libido.

				“What do you mean by ‘more’?” I look into his eyes.

				He runs his hands over his hair. “Melanie, you’re all I can think about. That has to mean something.”

				“This has been great. But it’s only been two weeks. We’ll get over it,” I say as gently as I can.

				He holds my hand in his. “If this were only about the past two weeks, I would agree, but it isn’t. I’ve felt this way for a while now.”

				My jaw tenses. I pull my hand away and lengthen my spine. “And you’re telling me now? I’ll be on the other side of the country in two weeks. Then what?”

				“I don’t know. But I know there could be so much more to this if we give it a chance.”

				“So what, I’m supposed to bypass the opportunity of a lifetime because this might be something special?” My cheeks burn. My head is spinning and my voice is more elevated than I intend.

				“I’m not asking you to give up your promotion. You’ve worked hard for this opportunity. You deserve it.”

				“Then what is it you want from me?”

				He shakes his head. “I don’t know, but I know it isn’t good-bye.”

				I open my mouth to respond, but there aren’t any words for this moment. I exhale. My eyes sting as I try to hold back the tears forming. Turning away from him, I lean against the counter. My stomach churns and I suddenly feel dizzy. I blink away tears and wipe my eyes quickly. “This isn’t fair. Don’t make it seem like our happiness rests in my lap. That’s bullshit. We had plenty of time to speak up and we didn’t. I think that says it all.”

				I walk away from him, shaking, trying to pretend I’m okay with this—the way things have to end.

				Raine wraps his arms around my waist, pulls me into him and kisses me. I want to stay angry with him, but with each kiss my irritation slowly dissipates.

				“Look me in the eye and tell me you’ll be able to walk away with no regrets.” He holds my chin in his hand. Our collective breath is as warm and spicy as the air in a tandoori kitchen.

				Sucking in a deep breath, I prepare to tell him I will do just that. But the churning in my stomach intensifies.

				“I’m not feeling very well. I—” Before I can finish the sentence, I’ve got my head over the garbage can, puking my guts up. So much for playing it cool.

				Raine wets a paper towel and hands it to me.

				I wipe my mouth. “Maybe it was something I ate.”

				“Maybe.” He watches me carefully. “Got any Pepto?”

				I shake my head. Even if I did, I probably wouldn’t know where it was packed at this point.

				“I’ll run out and get you some ginger ale.”

				“Thanks.” I raise my eyes to his. “Look, I’m really sorry about this.”

				“It’s okay.” He kisses my forehead. “Go to bed. I’ll finish cleaning up in here.”

				Raine returns with a bottle of Pepto and ginger ale. We spend the evening watching TV in my bed. Then he goes home.

				I can’t sleep. Instead, I lie awake, wondering how I could possibly pass up this nearly perfect man who comes close to owning every quality I wanted in the man I’d settle down with someday. He’s handsome and passionate about changing the world. He isn’t an heir to an oil fortune and is no Fred Astaire, but I could overlook those things. Too bad there will be more than two thousand miles between us in less than ten days. That’s something I can’t overlook.

				I will settle for memories of the man who was nearly perfect—except for his incredibly bad timing.





		 			 				Chapter Ten

				It’s been two months, but it still feels familiar yet strange to be home again. Those first four weeks were rough. I stayed at Mom’s while I closed on the condo and trudged to every furniture and home goods store in town with Mimi, whom I hired to design both my home and office space. I’m glad I did, though. The results are amazing.

				Still I couldn’t avoid the memories as I walked past the neighborhood ice cream shoppe where Dad consoled me when I dropped my cone or the café where I ran into Jaxson not long after our breakup.

				But there were some good things about those four weeks at home, too. Like spending time with Mom, Jamie, Mimi and the boys. And my mother’s cooking. I probably gained a pound and a half every week while I was there.

				During that time I’d only seen Walter Ferris a few times. But I’m pretty sure Mom’s mysterious trips to the store—when she insisted on going alone and would return without a single shopping bag—were a lame cover for meetings with Walter.

				Whenever I try to get the skinny on Walter, Mom gets upset and changes the subject. I’ve since adopted this strategy every time she brings up the subject of my love life. She doesn’t appreciate it as much when the tables are turned. This, of course, provides me with endless amusement.

				Mom doesn’t give up that easily, though. She enlists Mimi and Jamie to do her dirty work for her. Which is why my Friday movie night with Jamie is peppered with observations like: “When it’s right, nothing can stand in the way,” during The Wedding Planner, and “It’s amazing how the right person can bring out the best in you,” during Pretty Woman.

				I’m patient with her. After all, in a way she’s seeing these movies for the first time. She’s finally invested in a relationship. It’s like someone turned on the light switch.

				While I’m happy for Jamie, I’m also a little jealous. I’m the bleeding heart who falls in love at the drop of a hat. She’s spent the past twenty years giving hell to any man who dared approach her. Any man who entered into a relationship with her was a masochist.

				Seeing her soft edges is surreal. As a teen, Jamie broke bones, sprained her ankle and got a busted lip—all trying to outdo some neighborhood boy on a skateboard or BMX bike. She never shed a tear.

				Now she sits next to me on the sofa, teary-eyed over Richard Gere climbing the fire escape to declare his love to Julia Roberts. A scene that never evoked so much as a sniffle in the dozens of times we’ve seen it before. There’s no doubt she’s in love.

				Miles Copeland is the kind of man any woman would fall for. He’s handsome, tall—but not too tall—and has a great sense of humor. He’s considerate to both Jamie and our family. He’s successful, owns an expensive condo and completely adores her. What’s not to love?

				I watch my friend dabbing her eyes with her shirt sleeves. Jamie smiles. She’s overjoyed that Vivian Ward will find happiness with wealthy businessman, Edward Lewis. The movie will fade to black and they’ll live happily ever after, despite their fundamental differences.

				It’s eleven-thirty at night, and I’m nursing a mojito I made over an hour ago. I try to focus on our conversation and not think about work. For the past two months my thoughts have been consumed with the new branch and potential clients. It’s hard to say whether it’s because I’m determined to make the new branch a success or because I’m trying to keep my brain too busy to think of Raine.

				Jamie takes the glass from my hand. “Melanie, you’ve been shaking the melted ice in that glass for the past ten minutes. What’s wrong?”

				“Sorry. I’ve got a lot going on at work.”

				“I tried to wait ’til you were ready to talk about it, but I can see that’s never going to happen.” Jamie sighs then puts my glass down on a coaster on the coffee table. “You were seeing someone in Cali, weren’t you?”

				I draw my knees into my chest and wrap my arms around them. “How’d you know?”

				“I know we’ve lived in different states for the past five years, but I’ve been your best friend since you were eight. You think I don’t know you?”

				“I didn’t know about Miles. Does that mean I’m a really bad friend?”

				“Not a bad friend, a distracted one,” she says gently. “But don’t change the subject. We’ll talk later about how you can be a better friend.” She smiles and slaps the top of my bare foot. “So, out with it. Who’s this guy, and why haven’t we heard about him?”

				“He isn’t a complete secret. I did tell you about him.”

				“Not that loser, Craig Bathead. He was a pompous ass. I still regret not decking him.”

				“Craig Battier,” I correct, though I know it wasn’t a mistake. “It isn’t him.”

				“A guy from work?”

				“The guy I worked with to find alternate placement for candidates who aren’t right for us, Raine Mason.”

				“The guy you had the mutual escort service going with? I asked if you two were an item. You lied to me?”

				“No, I didn’t.” She shoots me a look. “Honestly! The night of my promotion I wanted to go out and celebrate, but no one was around, so Raine and I went out to dinner. Then Debbie and Dawn, my neighbors, crashed the party. Well, they didn’t exactly crash it because I invited them before I’d invited Raine—”

				“Stay focused, Mel.” Jamie snaps her fingers impatiently. “Get to the point where this turns into friends with benefits.”

				I cringe. That was once Jamie’s favorite moniker for the men who drifted in and out of her life. I’ve always hated the term, but I’m beginning to see its merit.

				“Right. He shows up at my door that night. Before I’ve got the door open good, he’s got his tongue down my throat.”

				“And this was a total surprise to you?” Jamie has her arms crossed and her legs folded. She raises one eyebrow. “He just follows you home and jumps you.”

				“I didn’t expect it, exactly, but...” I squirm a little. “I was wearing my Seven jeans and a pair of stilettos, for God’s sake. I never wear stilettos.”

				Jamie sits back and smiles slyly. “So, you were hoping for a slightly less guilt-inducing version of the one-night stand before you fled to the comfort and safety of home. Sort of a love ’em and leave ’em deal? I had no idea you had it in you. Maybe you did learn something from me after all.”

				I groan. “You make it sound so crass. It wasn’t like that. I just...wanted to know what it would be like to be with him. It was my last chance to find out.”

				“And...” Jamie drags the word out. “How was it?”

				“Amazing. The best sex of my life, which is pretty sad. That’s way too long to wait for great sex.”

				“It’s about damn time.” Jamie raises her hand, and I give her a reluctant high-five. “Now, back to the story. You had mind-numbing sex, then what?”

				“That’s the thing. The intimacy was great, but somehow it blossomed into an actual relationship over those three weeks. A relationship with a death sentence,” I add.

				“How’d you leave things?”

				“Over.” I rest my chin on my knees and stare at the floor.

				“You’re both okay with that?”

				“I am.” I lower my eyes and fiddle with a jagged fingernail. Maybe saying it aloud will make it true. “He isn’t.”

				Jamie reaches out to grab my hands. I raise my gaze to hers again. She narrows her eyes at me and cocks her head to the side, the way she does when she knows I’m completely full of shit about something. I got that look a lot when I was dating Jaxson. She lets out a little sigh. Apparently she’s decided to give me a reprieve this time. “What did he say?”

				“That he thinks this relationship is worth fighting for.”

				“You’ve always been a hopeless romantic.” Jamie smiles. “So, why’d you turn him down?”

				“I’ve worked for years to get where I am in my career. I’d be crazy to throw it away for a relationship that could last six weeks or six months.”

				“Or for the rest of your life.” Jamie gets up to put our glasses away.

				I stare at the back of her head like an alien just popped out of her long, sleek ponytail. “Are you saying I should’ve passed on my promotion for the vague possibility that Raine is my happily-ever-after?”

				Jamie rinses the glasses in the sink. “Of course not! I’d never tell you to tank your career for some dude. No matter how good-looking or great in the sack he is.”

				“Then what are you saying?” I follow her into the kitchen.

				Jamie shrugs. “From everything you’ve told me about Raine, seems like he’s your Richard Gere. I hate to think you missed out on him.”

				“We had an entire year to give this relationship a chance. If it’d really been important to either of us, we would’ve made a move.” I plop down on a stool and fiddle with some mail on the counter. “Don’t you think?”

				Jamie shrugs again, something that’s beginning to annoy me.

				“It makes sense, but for some of us it takes a little longer for the light to come on.” She wipes the counter with a rag but stops for a moment and looks at me squarely. “I’m glad Miles was a lot smarter about this whole thing than I was. He didn’t give up on me when I was too stupid to realize I deserved this, or that I even wanted it. I guess I’m afraid Raine was that guy. The one who makes it all worth it. That’s all.”

				“That’s all?” I say, indignantly. “You tell me I probably blew my chance for happiness and then say, ‘That’s all.’ I feel bad enough about this as it is, James.”

				“I didn’t mean to upset you. I’m just trying to take care of you the way your family has always taken care of me. I was this messed-up little girl living in a trailer park with her crackhead mom.

				“My father walked out and hasn’t given me a single thought in more than twenty years. My own mother couldn’t love me more than her parade of boyfriends or a bottle of cheap booze. And you guys...you’ve been amazing to me. You took me in and treated me like I was a member of your family. You’ve put up with my crazy phases and bad habits. Through it all we’ve remained friends—even when I didn’t deserve it.” Jamie wipes tears away with the back of her wrist, careful not to get soap in her eyes.

				“You do deserve our love, Jamie. You’re family and you’re my best friend.” I offer her another tissue. She waves it off.

				“The best thing I ever did was follow you home that day.” She laughs.

				I laugh, too, remembering her tattered jeans, dirty face and Punky Brewster ponytails and bangs.

				“I’ve given a lot of thought to what my life would’ve been like if you hadn’t taken me in. I’d be a Kit De Luca or living on the streets somewhere. Maybe even dead. You guys changed my life and you never gave up on me. Now I’m asking you not to give up.”

				“What do you mean?”

				She sighs. “I know that asshole hurt you. But that doesn’t mean you won’t find someone else.”

				I open my mouth to object, to tell her this has nothing to do with Jaxson, but Jamie cuts me off.

				“You’re smart and successful. That’s great, and I’m proud of you. I know you don’t need a man to make you happy. All I’m saying is, don’t close your heart to the possibility of finding that guy—the guy who makes it all worth it.” She turns the faucet back on. “End of speech.”

				I want to tell her she’s got a lot of nerve switching sides when I finally decide she’s been right all along, that relationships aren’t worth the trouble. But I don’t. “I won’t,” I say. “I promise.”





		 			 				Chapter Eleven

				I sit in my office completing paperwork on a Tuesday night. Leslie Morales, my assistant, is gone for the day. I’m in no hurry to go home. It’s not like anyone is there waiting for me. At home, I’ll just sit on the sofa and watch TV while eating a Lean Cuisine and sipping a cup of tiramisu tea. I can do that here while getting some work done.

				My phone beeps to alert me of a new email message. I pick up the phone and check my personal email. It’s Raine. He’s left me at least one voice message, email or text message per week since I left San Francisco.

				The first messages were friendly inquiries. How’s it going? How is the new office? What’s the weather like? Any plans for this weekend? After the first few weeks the messages turned serious. I miss you. I want you. Can I come to see you?

				I stopped responding soon thereafter. I wasn’t sure what to say. Or maybe I was, but I was too afraid to say it.

				My lack of response to his messages in no way discouraged him from sending them.





				Hi Melanie!

				Hope you’re enjoying dinner or reading a good book rather than hanging around your office. Just thought you’d want to know that DJ, your last referral, completed his training program yesterday. He’s done a great job. We’re proud of him and hopeful about his future.

				He’s grateful you referred him to the program. He’s embarrassed by his initial call to you. He says you must have thought he was an idiot. He can’t believe you took the time to help steer him in the right direction.

				I told him that’s the kind of person you are. You’ve got a big heart. It’s one of the things I love most about you.

				Well that’s it. Just wanted to update you on DJ’s progress and let you know that, as always, I’m thinking of you. Hope to hear from you soon.

				Love,

				Raine





				I smile, thinking of what an amazing person Raine is and what wonderful work his organization is doing.

				I read his email again. As always, I’m thinking of you. I slide the phone away from me and sit back against my chair.

				The sound of his voice echoes faintly in my head. Warmth spreads throughout my body and my cheeks are flushed. The memories I’ve tried to suppress come rushing back. Our first kiss, the feel of his hands on my skin, the gruff sound of his voice in the early hours of the morning.

				My heartbeat quickens and I’m overwhelmed by a prickling sensation, like ten long fingers, inching down my spine. My eyes widen and I unbutton the top button of my shirt. I grab a bottle of water out of the mini-fridge and try to catch my breath. It’s taken so much effort and energy to avoid these memories and thoughts of what might have been between us. Maybe Jamie’s right about Raine being that guy. The one I’d be crazy to give up without a fight.

				The idea of entering into a long-distance relationship is absurd. Spending time together is what I love most about being in a relationship. Running errands on a Saturday afternoon. Going to a movie on a Friday night. Cozying up on the couch. Spooning in bed. What’s the point in starting a relationship where the things I treasure most are a rarity? Talk about being a masochist.

				Yet I find myself reaching for the office phone, hand trembling, heart racing. I pick up the receiver and dial Raine’s cell phone. My breath comes in short, quick bursts.

				“Melanie?”

				“Hi.” I try to stifle the joy that rises in my chest.

				“Still in the office, huh?” I can hear the smile in his voice. “It’s great to hear from you, beautiful. Hope you aren’t working too hard.”

				“Just for now. There’s a lot to do. I hired an assistant a few weeks ago, though. Leslie is amazing. I don’t know what I’d do without her.”

				“Then things are going well. How’s your family?”

				“Everyone’s good. I don’t see my sister and nephews nearly as much as I’d like, but at least I’m not missing out on watching the boys grow up.”

				“Sounds like you’re making up for lost time. Is your mom still upset you bought the condo?”

				“She’s coming around. The whole drama about me not moving in is probably just an elaborate ruse to draw attention away from her secret boyfriend.”

				“So the secret boyfriend thing runs in the family.”

				My cheeks flush. “I didn’t... You weren’t... I mean, it’s not like...”

				“It’s not like we were dating?”

				“We were dating, but we weren’t...we were never really... I mean, we weren’t exactly...”

				“A couple. Not officially, at least,” he offers.

				I’m not sure if he’s trying to be helpful or having fun with me. “I wasn’t hiding you. It’s just that—”

				“It was a fling with no hope of a future?”

				I hesitate. “It was a relationship that began with a three-week expiration date hanging over it.” I grip the telephone cord and wind it around my finger. “It wasn’t just a fling—at least not for me.”

				“Then you do have feelings for me.”

				“Of course I do. Our time together was amazing. Our timing is awful. I was starting a new job and moving across the country. What was I supposed to do? Pass on the opportunity of a lifetime while we tried to figure it out?”

				“I’ve been kicking myself for not speaking up earlier,” he says. “But we can’t change any of that. All we can do is deal with what we have right now.”

				“And what do we have right now, Raine?” My spine stiffens. I place my palm on the blotter in front of me, my feet planted firmly on the floor. He’s silent, so I continue. “I like you—a lot—but you’re in San Francisco and I’m in Cleveland. So where does that leave us?”

				“I don’t know,” he says after a momentary pause. The words come out in a husky whisper that seems to catch at the back of his throat. “I’ve given a lot of thought to what you’re saying. Chalking this up to a missed opportunity makes all the sense in the world. But I can’t stop thinking about you. It’s been a long time since I felt this way about someone. I can’t just dismiss these feelings—not unless you tell me you really don’t want this.”

				Now it’s my turn to be silent. He’s given me my out. All I have to do is tell him I can’t deal with a long-distance relationship or that I’m too busy with work. But the reality is, I would give my Seven jeans, Stella McCartney purse and free downtown parking privileges to be in his arms right now.

				“I’ve tried to put you out of my mind and just move on, but I can’t. Those were the best three weeks of my sadly failed romantic life. I’m still not sure if they were as amazing as I think or if the rest of my dating life is just a colossal fail in comparison.”

				“I’m not sure whether I should say thank you or feel really insulted.” Raine laughs. “So I’ll consider it a compliment.”

				“It is,” I say quickly, covering my face. “Sorry. I’m a little out of practice. Are you sure you want to do this? I don’t have a very good track record with long-term relationships.” I wind the phone cord around my finger again.

				“First, I hope you don’t use this approach when you’re trying to land clients for J&G.” He laughs. I laugh, too. “Second, it takes two people to make a relationship work. You can’t make it work all by yourself. No matter how badly you want it.”

				“I’m scared,” I say finally. A weight lifts off my chest. “We both have a lot on our plates right now. How do we find the time to make a long-distance relationship work?”

				“I don’t know,” he admits. “But there’s no one I’d rather be with. I know that now.”

				Taking a deep breath, I carefully deliberate my next words. “I want this to work, too, but what if, at some point...”

				“You meet a great guy at the coffee shop. Will you still think it’s worth it?”

				I don’t respond. I hope I haven’t hurt his feelings. But the thought of missing out on Mr. Right Here while trying to make it work with Mr. Might Be Right is a viable concern. It’s just like me to meet the perfect guy while engaged in a doomed long-distance relationship.

				“We’ll take things slow. See where it goes. No commitment.”

				I want to explore things further with Raine, but I’m a woman over thirty whose mother is desperately trying to marry me off. I need to leave my options open. “Okay.” I release the breath I’ve been holding. “Let’s see where this takes us.”

				“So does that mean you’ll stop screening my calls?”

				I can’t help but laugh. “No more screening your calls.”

				“Promise?”

				“Promise.”





		 			 				Chapter Twelve

				The first snow falls on the first Saturday in October. The ground is too warm for the fluffy white flakes to stick. A pristine blanket of snow christens cars, rooftops and barren tree branches, transforming them into a wonderland.

				I lean against the window with a cup of tea in hand and take in the wondrous beauty of the first snow.

				Two little boys bound out of their parked car on the street below and run ahead of their mother, catching snowflakes on their tongues. I smile, remembering how Mimi and I would stand outside in our pink snowsuits, arms wide, mouths open, catching snowflakes with our tongues.

				Five years ago I jumped at the chance to move to San Francisco, partly because I was sick of broiling-hot summers and hypothermia-inducing winters. But I’ve missed the splendor and excitement of the first snow. The feeling of joy, hope and wonder it invokes momentarily negates our concerns. Complaints of subzero temperatures and nightmare commutes are suspended. With noses pressed against windows, mouths open in amused fascination, we marvel at the freshness, beauty and quiet complexity of fluffy white flakes tumbling gracefully from the heavens. Life suddenly seems shiny and bright, filled with possibility—even if we’ve experienced the first snow a hundred times before.

				There is something about this...thing that’s happening between Raine and I that makes me feel the same way. Hopeful. Everything is fresh and new. Like the first snow.

				The past three months have been sweet and wonderful. Those first three weeks in San Francisco were a mad dash to spend every possible moment together. We spent most of our time getting to know every detail of each other’s bodies.

				Yet in the absence of physicality, something amazing has happened. The relationship between us has blossomed exponentially as we’ve put the same effort and energy into exploring each other’s minds and hearts.

				I miss the smell of his cologne. The feel of his skin against mine. Yet our relationship has become more intimate during those late-night conversations. I can tell him almost anything.

				I often muse about the past and about how much I miss my father. It’s been therapeutic. My family doesn’t talk about it much. It’s been six years, and the wound still seems fresh.

				When my father died, we assumed certain roles.

				My mother had to be strong. She soldiered through every holiday, wedding and family celebration as if nothing happened. She hasn’t shed a tear in front of us since the day of the funeral. In her room—where she thought we couldn’t hear—she cried every night. Mom wore sunglasses for months after my father died. She said she was feeling very Jackie O. Still, every day she put on her makeup, got dressed and faced the world with a smile.

				Mimi became the people-pleaser—more specifically, the mom-pleaser. If she could make Mom happy, Mimi reasoned, perhaps she’d get past the pain of losing Dad. So Mimi settled down, got married and gave my mother the grandbabies she wanted so desperately. She put her career on hold and became a stay-at-home mother because Mom thought it best.

				Jamie took on the role of protector. She was like a Chihuahua, sniffing at anyone suspicious who came around. Barking her head off whenever she sensed danger.

				I became the ostrich. The one who shoves her head in the sand and hopes the unbearable pain will simply go away if I ignore it long enough. I went through the weeks and months after my father’s death as if it were a bad dream. If I wished hard enough, I’d wake up and everything would be okay.

				Deep down I’ve always known this about my family, but talking to Raine about it has been cathartic. He knows exactly what to say and when it’s best to say nothing at all. I always feel better after our late-night chats.

				Raine prefers to discuss the present and plan for the future. The passion he has for his work is contagious. He’s thrilled about successful graduates of the program. Every failed participant breaks his heart a little—even when he’s done everything he can to help them succeed.

				Sipping my tea, I settle into the couch for a few moments of peace before I pull out my laptop and go to work. I think about my conversation with Raine last night.

				“I miss you,” he said.

				“I’d think you’d be sick of me by now. You probably hear me in your sleep—whining about one thing or another.”

				“I do hear you in my sleep. The noise you’re making isn’t whining, though.”

				My cheeks flushed and I tried to muffle a giggle. “This is why people avoid long-distance relationships,” I reminded him. “Fantasies unfulfilled.”

				“That’s why they invented commuter planes.” He was silent for a moment. “I need to see you.”

				“You know I want to see you,” I said after what must have seemed like forever to him. “But I can’t come to San Francisco right now. I’m in the midst of an intense marketing campaign. I need to demonstrate that my branch is viable.”

				“I could come there,” he offered. “Just for the weekend.”

				“I can’t let you spend that much on a weekend with me.”

				“I’m not indigent. I have a job, you know.” He sounded more amused than angry.

				“Please don’t spend your money on a ticket,” I insisted. “I’ll be in San Francisco in January. We’ll have three days to spend together then. No work. I promise.”

				“That’s three months from now,” he groaned.

				“Now who’s whining?” I teased.

				“Can you blame me? At least tell me what you’re wearing. Give a brother something to look forward to.”

				I looked down at my dingy old baseball shirt and gray sweats, glad we’d opted for a phone conversation that night rather than our usual Skype chat. “I’m wearing the black lace nightie.”

				“Ahh... Brings back memories.”

				A smile spread across my face. It brought back memories for me, too. “If anything else made sense right now, I’d love to see you in person, in this nightie. But our memories will have to hold us for now. Okay?”

				Raine was quiet for a moment before finally conceding. We said good night, and I’ve been thinking about him every waking moment since. Now it’s time for me to get back to work.

				I try to focus as I pore over dossiers my assistant prepared on local companies. She’s been a godsend. Leslie is thorough, organized, resourceful, prompt and outgoing but not too talkative. She’s the perfect assistant.

				After nearly four hours I shuffle into the kitchen, turn on the kettle and refill my teacup.

				It’s been snowing steadily for the past four hours and the temperature has dropped considerably. I peek out my window again. The little boys and their mom make their way back to their car—now covered in a thick blanket of snow. They leave a trail of deep footprints behind them.

				The boys scrape snow off the hood of the car to form snowballs. They hurl them at each other and fall out laughing. Their mother struggles to find her keys amid the flying snowballs. I think about my sister and rambunctious nephews.

				Mickey and Dusty are adorable with their brown saucer eyes and dark, curly heads of hair. Behind those sweet faces lurk two of the most mischievous minds I’ve ever encountered. Yet they are also thoughtful and sensitive.

				Mickey has an uncanny ability to sense the feelings of others, even in the midst of the noise and chaos he and his brother create.

				“No, ask Daddy,” I heard Mickey tell his brother the other day. “Mommy needs a time-out right now.”

				I looked over at my sister. An internal meltdown was in progress. Mimi never yells or screams. She keeps everything inside like a boiling pot of rice with the lid on tight. Eventually it boils over, leaving a sticky mess.

				I offered to finish making the sweet potato casserole she was working on and keep an eye on the boys. She went for a nice long walk. Meltdown averted.

				My sister’s life isn’t perfect, but she loves it. She’s happy, despite all the crazy moments—pans crashing together like cymbals, bickering, minor falls that leave one child screaming as if inches away from death. Near meltdowns aside, she loves being a mother. She loves Marcus, despite his faults.

				I envy my sister’s happiness.

				Mimi is content—not because she doesn’t want more out of life but because she’s determined to enjoy each moment of her life. I love that about my sister. I wish I could be more like her.





		 			 				Chapter Thirteen

				Over the past few weeks I’ve been feeling more than a little stressed. Many of the contacts I was counting on to grow the business are no longer in business themselves or they’ve moved on to a different industry.

				The Great Lakes branch is making slow, steady progress. But certainly not enough to impress Damien Jasper. I could practically hear the disappointment in his voice on our most recent conference call.

				To make matters worse, Lita Jeffries, my closest friend at J&G, called me last week to warn me. “I hate to be the bearer of bad news, Mel, but word around the office is that this promotion is do-or-die for you. Did you piss Damien off or something?”

				“Or something,” I say, thinking of that night two years ago. “How sure are you about this?”

				“My intel is solid. Comes from my connection upstairs,” she whispered into the receiver. “Apparently Damien never wanted to open a branch in the Great Lakes region. Mr. Graevel insisted on it.”

				I nearly hyperventilated. “So you’re saying Damien set me up to fail?”

				Lita sighed. “Damien can be a dick, but this is his company, too. He’s all about the numbers. So wow him.”

				“What if I can’t—”

				“You can and you will,” she said matter-of-factly. “You’re smart and you’re a damn good recruiter. Make this happen. Whatever it takes. I know you can do this.”

				I took a deep breath and promised I would. Then I spent the rest of the evening downing a half a bottle of chardonnay as I pored over my marketing plans for the next few months. I’ve spent the past three days rethinking everything. I need to jump-start things, so I’ve decided to try a different tactic.

				Mimi gave me tickets to a networking event at the House of Blues. The only thing I hate more than networking is attending a networking event alone. I’ve shanghaied Leslie for the afternoon, despite her fervent protests.

				Leslie looks sharp in a smart black suit and a pair of pumps. But her discomfort is evident. She wrings her hands and fidgets with the collar of her blouse. Slipping bright red fingernails through her glossy, sable hair again, she tugs on it, allowing it to fall over her left shoulder. Leslie’s wide-set, almond-shaped eyes blink as her gaze darts around the room.

				“Relax, you look great,” I tell her. “Better than most of the folks here. Doesn’t anyone dress up for these things anymore?”

				Leslie laughs and takes a sip of her cranberry juice. “They do realize they’re not here for a concert, right?” She subtly uses her head to indicate a guy in a pair of muddy boat shoes, wrinkled khakis and a faded polo shirt.

				“Maybe he’s a leftover from the Air Supply cover band last night.”

				Leslie laughs. She’s more relaxed now. She cocks an eyebrow at me. “Aren’t you supposed to be mingling?”

				Cringing, I sink into a high-back chair at our café table. “I hate these events. Networking isn’t my thing.”

				“But it’s a major part of your job. You said so yourself,” she reminds me. “I’m here for moral support, not to be a crutch.”

				“Alright.” I sigh and take a gulp of my club soda. “Just let me finish my drink and I’ll make the rounds. Which reminds me...” I fish in my bag for a small box and hand it to her. “I’ve been meaning to give these to you.”

				Leslie’s eyes grow large. She reaches for the box and opens it slowly. She gasps as she pulls out one of the cards and looks at it. “Leslie Morales, Office Manager, Jasper & Graevel Personnel Services, Great Lakes Branch,” she reads aloud then looks at me with glassy eyes. “I’ve never had business cards before. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. It means so much to me.”

				“I’m lucky to have you.” I smile.

				Leslie hugs me then says, “I appreciate the cards and everything, but I’m not letting you off the hook. Now get out there and mingle.”

				I snap my fingers. “It was a nice try though, wasn’t it?”

				She tries not to smile as she points in the direction of the general crowd. “Go.”

				I pull my business card case out of my bag and stick it in my jacket pocket before trudging toward the guy in wrinkled khakis nibbling on a piece of voodoo shrimp.

				After pressing the flesh with nearly every person in the room, I’m in desperate need of a few squirts of hand sanitizer. I head back to our table, where three other people now have their stuff parked, too. Leslie hasn’t ventured far from the table all afternoon, but I’ve seen her talking to at least a dozen people. She’s brimming with confidence as she speaks animatedly to a gentleman whose back is to me.

				“Here’s my boss now, Mr. Payne,” she says. “I’d like you to meet the regional talent acquisition manager of the Great Lakes branch of Jasper & Graevel Personnel Services—Ms. Melanie Gordon.”

				I freeze, a wooden smile plastered on my face. Did she say Payne? I focus on the man as he turns to greet me. I cannot believe my remarkably bad fortune. Cleveland may not be a major metropolis, but it isn’t Mayberry either. This town is big enough that I shouldn’t have to run into my ex.

				Jaxson Payne flashes a repentant smile. One that begs me not to cause a scene or out him as the complete and utter jerk he is. He’s as handsome as ever. His skin looks smooth and warm, like melted dark chocolate. His tongue juts out and skims across his lower lip as he presses his wide mouth and full lips into that damned spine-dissolving smirk I’d fallen prey to far too many times. Framed by thick, neat brows, Jaxson’s dark eyes gleam with a smile even more sinister than the one on those...oh-so-kissable lips. He still sports a low Caesar cut, only he’s ditched the brush waves.

				My hands twitch at my side, remembering how I’d once run them over his soft, ebony hair. His familiar scent—masculine yet utterly delicious—fills my nostrils. An involuntary gasp escapes my lips as feelings of longing and hatred battle inside my chest and prickle my eyelids. I seriously want to bitch-slap myself for feeling anything more than pure, unadulterated contempt for this man. My legs threaten to give way beneath me as I tremble slightly, frozen in place.

				“Melanie Gordon,” he says, finally breaking the uncomfortable silence between us. “It’s wonderful to see you again. You look fantastic.”

				He leans in and gives me a quick kiss on the cheek. My stomach churns. The crispy catfish fingers and calamari I’ve eaten threaten to snake its way up my esophagus. I take a deep breath. I’ve made several quality contacts at this event. I’m not about to blow it by making a scene.

				Don’t forget to breathe. I nod, my smile still frozen in place. “It’s been a long time. How are you? How’s your family?”

				Leslie senses how tense I am. She looks apologetic.

				“Leslie, I’d like you to meet someone,” an older gentleman with snow-white hair and a handsome suit approaches our table.

				She looks at me and mouths the words, “I’m sorry,” before excusing herself and being led away.

				“Mom’s doing very well.” Jaxson grips the back of the bar stool. “I’ll tell her you asked about her.”

				“Fantastic. How ’bout the wife and kids?” I spit the words out like I’ve just bitten into a hunk of Limburger cheese. The acrimony with which I’ve stated this even takes me by surprise. I clutch on to that anger, and the momentary desire I felt for him slowly retreats in defeat. My mouth twists in a smirk.

				“They’re good,” he says, his eyes on the wall behind me. “How about you? How’ve you been? How long have you been back in Cleveland? I thought you were in San Diego.”

				“San Francisco.” I’m doing a miserable job of feigning ambivalence. “I moved back a few months ago to start the Great Lakes branch of J&G.”

				“Congratulations, kid. I always knew amazing things were in store for you.”

				The hair on the back of my neck bristles, hearing him use the Humphrey Bogart reference that was once a term of affection. “Thanks,” I say calmly. “What about you? What are you doing with yourself these days, besides the whole wife-and-kids thing?”

				Dammit! Someone stop me. Please.

				A pained look crosses his face. “I’m in personnel management for the Monarchs. I guess Mimi didn’t tell you.”

				My eyes widen. I step back, one hand to my throat, head turned slightly, avoiding his eyes. There’s steady, pounding in my left temple and over my right eye.

				I’m going to kill my sister. I know we promised never to mention Jaxson Payne again, but the fact that she works with my ex is certainly the kind of thing a girl likes to know.

				“I guess she forgot to mention it.” My voice wavers slightly.

				“Well, she’s busy with the kids and everything,” he says. “She’s got a lot on her mind. Which is probably why she also forgot to mention you were back in town, even though I asked about you the other day.”

				I cut my eyes at him. I don’t know who I’m angrier with—Mimi or Jaxson. Either way, I need some fresh air and a stiff drink, preferably in that order. I reach past him and yank my bag out of the chair. “I have to go. I have a lot to do back at the office.”

				“I’m about done here myself.” Jaxson slips my coat off the back of the chair and helps me into it. “Do you mind if I walk you back to your office?”

				“Why?” I take a huge step backward. Jax reaches his arms out toward me. I step back farther, stumbling over Leslie’s bag on the floor. Apparently this is what he was trying to warn me about.

				My cheeks sting and my heart races. I look around to see if anyone else saw my near somersault. They’re lost in conversation or rummaging through what’s left of the appetizers. I calm down a little and focus on buttoning my coat.

				“I’m sorry, Melanie.” A slight grin spreads across Jaxson’s face.

				I’d hoped he’d gotten wrinkled, toothless and bald. Instead, he’s gotten more handsome with age.

				He puts his hands up, his palms facing me. “Don’t get the wrong idea. We have a couple of key executive positions to fill and I could really use your help.”

				Is he serious? There’s no one in the world I want to spend time with less than Jaxson Payne. But landing a lucrative executive search contract with a professional sports organization is just the kind of thing that would impress Damien Jasper. It would be a major coup for my office, and the potential of referrals to other professional sports organizations would be invaluable.

				I want to tell Jaxson how much I hate him, put a curse on his great-grandchildren. But the carrot he’s dangling is far too tasty to allow my loathing to interfere. Despite my personal feelings for Jaxson, he’s in a position to help me. He used me for four years. It’s time I return the favor.

				I take my black leather gloves out of my bag and put them on. “Alright, Jaxson,” I say. “I’d love to hear more about your executive search. I need to get Leslie. Excuse me for a moment.”

				I wind my way through the crowd and find Leslie. She’s making the rounds to anyone she missed. I catch her before she moves to the next circle.

				“What’s wrong?” Panic crimps her lovely face. “It’s about that guy, isn’t it? I’m sorry. I didn’t realize you knew him—”

				“It’s not your fault,” I assure her, “and it’s a long story. I’ll tell you about it later.” She nods and relaxes. “Jaxson is considering J&G for a lucrative executive search contract. We’re going back to the office to discuss it.”

				“With the Monarchs?” she squeals with excitement then pauses when she realizes I’m not as enthusiastic. “You guys have a history. Are you sure you can do this?”

				“We need this contract and a lot more like it. Anyway, I’m heading out now and I didn’t want to abandon you.”

				“I’m actually pretty good at this.” She beams proudly. “If you don’t need me, I’ll stay here and make a few more contacts.”

				“Good idea. And when you’re done, why don’t you call it a day? Go home and spend time with the girls.”

				She grins and hugs me. “Thanks! I’ll see you tomorrow.”

				I turn and head back toward the table. Leslie taps me on the shoulder.

				“I don’t know what the story is with you two, but watch out. That dude is slick,” she whispers in my ear. “He reminds me of my kids’ dad. That bastard could charm the panties off of Queen Elizabeth.” She shudders for a moment. Then she’s off in the crowd again.

				Jaxson is waiting for me when I return to the table. I pick up my bag and slip it onto my shoulder.

				“Ready,” I say.

				He smiles a little too confidently for my taste and places his hand on my back. “After you.”

				We make our way through the crowd, out into the crisp air. This contract could be a game-changer for me. Still, Leslie’s words replay in my head. I’ve always underestimated the power Jax has over me.

				Something deep down tells me it’s a huge mistake to be alone with Jaxson Payne. But with my job and the Great Lakes branch hanging in the balance, it’s a risk I must take.





		 			 				Chapter Fourteen

				Jaxson Payne is the real reason I couldn’t escape Ohio fast enough five years ago.

				He was my personal addiction. I fell for him the moment he sauntered into biology class my first year of high school. He was tall and handsome, with gorgeous chocolate-brown skin. The brush waves of his low-cut Caesar rippled like Lake Erie on a windy day. His eyes were dark and stormy and his wide mouth and luscious lips were fixed in a permanent smirk—like he knew something no one else did. I fell in love with him instantly.

				He was a wide receiver on our high school football team, a veritable god among the halls of Heights High. I was a geeky, awkward fourteen-year-old girl in oversized eyeglasses. I adored him. He didn’t even notice me.

				Our relationship began eight years later, when we met again in South Beach at the wedding rehearsal dinner of mutual high school friends. Jax didn’t remember me. At the bottom of my third margarita, I found the courage to tell him I sat behind him in Mrs. Johansson’s biology class.

				“I can’t believe it’s you. You’re so hot now,” he said.

				Undeterred by this comment (the first of many instances of my poor judgment when it came to Jaxson), I confessed I had a serious crush on him in high school.

				I still remember the glint in his eye and the way the corner of his mouth turned up. We were standing at a café table near the back of the room, music blaring, drunken laughter all around us. He leaned close to me and whispered, “Is that past or present tense?”

				His lips brushed my earlobe as he spoke. An intense heat filled my body. Cheeks flushed, heart racing, my knees felt like they were giving way underneath me. I bit my lip and tried to think of something clever to say. The schoolgirl giggle that escaped my lips was the only response Jax needed. He leaned in to kiss me.

				It wasn’t a friendly kiss on the cheek. It was the kind of kiss that would melt a slab of rock into molten lava. I pushed him away. He flashed me an utterly adorable grin and went in for more. As much as I hate to admit it, I let him. Then I remembered we were surrounded by our friends. I extricated myself from his grip just as Arly Kiplinger started hooting and telling us to get a room already.

				I wanted to let him take me up to his room and fulfill every one of my silly schoolgirl fantasies, but I found the strength to say no.

				We walked on the beach, talked about our lives and remembered funny stories about high school. We were inseparable for the rest of the weekend. He even got some poor schmuck to trade seats with him so we could sit together on the plane home.

				My sister was less than enthusiastic about me dating Jaxson. She thought he was a pompous ass. My mother and Jamie weren’t big fans either, but I was completely addicted to him by then. Their pleas fell on deaf ears.

				Jaxson and I had a four-year on-again-off-again relationship that left me in tears more often than I care to remember.

				The first time we broke up was when I discovered he’d never bothered to break up with his “ex-girlfriend,” who was spending the summer in an arts program in France. The second time was because I got tired of playing second fiddle to everyone and everything else in his life.

				Two years after he moved into my place, our relationship came to an end. Jax came home one day and declared it was over. He said there wasn’t anyone else. He just wasn’t in love with me anymore.

				I fell apart. I’d spent the previous months dreamily cutting out the pages of Brides, bookmarking celebrity wedding looks, noting possible reception locations and watching wedding shows on TLC. Suddenly it was over because he decided it was? After all the bullshit we’d been through?

				I cried until my body could no longer produce tears. Then I pulled out a map and circled five places I wanted to live: New York City, Los Angeles, Miami, Phoenix and San Francisco. I became obsessed with finding a job in one of those five cities. I didn’t tell my mother, Mimi or Jamie. They would’ve tried to talk me out of it. I needed space, and lots of it.

				Six months after Jax and I broke up, I landed a job with Jasper & Graevel and moved to California. My family was shocked. They had no idea I’d been considering a move. It was something I needed to do.

				I was in San Francisco for barely a year when my sister called to say Jaxson was marrying the mother of his eleven-month-old daughter. Their fairy-tale wedding (in which I’m told the man-stealing bitch had the audacity to float down the aisle in lily white chiffon) took place at the very church where I’d hoped ours would. I spent the entire weekend crying, drinking (Debbie and Dawn were only too happy to oblige) and watching movies about romance gone wrong.

				My personal life was a complete wreck for the year following that awful weekend. Work was the only motivation I had for getting out of bed every day. If I couldn’t succeed in romance, at least I’d succeed in my career. So in a way, I have Jaxson Payne to thank for my promotion.

				Still, I’m not feeling very thankful right now. I rummage in the back of our tiny office refrigerator for the bottle of Perrier I promised Jax. A wicked grin spreads across my face as I imagine how delicious it would feel to smash this bottle upside his smug head. After the contract had been signed, of course.

				I hand Jaxson the chilled bottle of lemon Perrier and smooth my skirt before sitting in my high-back leather chair. I’m glad my chair sits several inches higher than his.

				“Thank you for considering Jasper & Gravel for your executive search.” I force a smile through clenched teeth. “As you know, I’m a long-time basketball fan. I’m thrilled that the WNBA has decided to bring another team to Cleveland, and about the prospect of working with your organization.”

				Jax takes a sip from the bottle. “Basketball fan is an understatement.” He chuckles. “You still got that tattered old Mark Price jersey your dad gave you?”

				My spine tightens. I place my feet firmly on the floor. The last thing I need is a stroll down memory lane. The memories are far too painful. For me, at least. I take a long sip of my tea then place my mug on a coaster. “So you were saying you need a new senior vice president of marketing and a vice president of sales and service.” I refer to the notes I scribbled on a napkin.

				Jaxson gives me a conciliatory smile. My maneuver isn’t lost on him. “The candidates I hoped to go with were offered more lucrative positions with NBA teams.” He crosses his legs and scoots back in the chair. He looks comfortable, like he’s settling in for the winter. “I realize this may take some time, but it’s more important to me that we get the best possible candidates in these positions.”

				“Of course.” I nod. “Our mission is to find candidates who are well-qualified and fit seamlessly into your organization. It appears Brett Hanson runs his organization like a tight-knit family and that he’s determined to make the Monarchs a title-winning franchise as quickly as possible. How would you describe the company culture?”

				“I couldn’t have stated it better.” Jaxson steeples his long, slender fingertips. “Speaking of family...how about you? Are you married? Do you have kids?”

				My patience is wearing thin just five minutes into our meeting. “Can we stay on topic here? That’s the only way this will work.”

				“I’m sorry.” He straightens his purple and green Ermenegildo Zegna necktie. “It’s just that...the homemade coasters...it’s the kind of thing only a parent would bring to the office.”

				“They were a gift from my assistant’s seven-year-old daughter.” I take a deep breath and try to pull it together. This is harder than I imagined, and believe me, I imagined it would be pretty damned hard. “Do you have job descriptions and job requirements for each position?”

				“They’re back at the office, along with an entire file of information I should have brought for this meeting. Sorry I’m not better prepared. I didn’t expect to run into you today. It was quite a surprise to see you.” He leans forward in his chair again. “I honestly didn’t think I’d ever see you again.”

				“Neither did I.” There are a few choice statements I refrain from adding. “But here we are. Perhaps we should reschedule for a time when you have all the necessary documents. I can come to your office next week. I’ll have Leslie call you tomorrow with some options.” I rise to my feet and extend my hand to him, signaling the end of our meeting.

				Jaxson casually climbs to his feet and takes my hand. He doesn’t shake it. He holds it in his.

				My legs are unsteady and my head feels light. How can the simple touch of his hand still take me back to those intimate moments between us, despite everything we’ve been through? I yank my hand away and take a step back. My cheeks burn and my eyes sting with the tears I refuse to let fall.

				Jaxson comes around the desk and sits on the edge of it, leaving a safe distance between us. “I’m sorry,” he says, his head down, hands folded between his legs. “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. It’s just...seeing you today brought back a lot of memories. It felt so natural, holding your hand like that. It wasn’t something I intended to do. Muscle memory, I guess.” He runs his hand over his hair.

				I want to scream to the top of my lungs and tell him I don’t give a fuck about his unresolved feelings or muscle memory. But I’m a goddamned professional. I know what’s at stake here. I have to make this work.

				I widen my stance, arms folded across my chest, jaw tight. “If we’re going to work together, we have to establish a few boundaries.”

				He nods and goes back to his chair. “I know. That was stupid of me. It won’t happen again.”

				“For the sake of this deal, our relationship begins today. Forget our history. None of that matters now. You’re married with kids, and I’m...” I sigh and take a seat again. “I’m here to help you find the best possible candidates for the Monarchs organization.”

				Jax looks at me with what I’m sure is pity. He nods again. “I can do that,” he says, as if he’s trying to convince himself. “There’s one thing I have to say before we go to this whole ‘no history’ thing.”

				I fold my hands on my desk and look him squarely in the eye. Then I draw in a deep breath and release. “If you insist.”

				“I do. I can’t leave here without telling you how sorry I am things worked out the way they did between us. Aside from my kids, you’re the best thing that ever happened to me and I blew it.”

				My heart thumps in my chest and I can barely breathe. I divert my gaze from his, my eyes on the doorway behind him.

				“You loved me more than I deserved. I was too cocky and arrogant back then to appreciate what I had. I know none of this matters to you now and there’s nothing I can do to fix it. I just needed you to know I’m truly sorry for what I did to you. You didn’t deserve it.” Jaxson stands, picks up his coat and folds it over his arm. “I’ll expect to hear from Leslie tomorrow.”

				He lets himself out. I hold my breath, waiting to hear the door click softly shut before I collapse into tears.

				* * *

				I stand in the bathroom mirror of the restroom just down the hall from our office. My mascara is running. I’ve rubbed off most of my eye shadow. My lipstick is smudged. My eyes and nose are red and swollen. My nasal passages are so clogged that I’m breathing through my mouth, gasping for air. Small bits of tissue dot my face and eyelids.

				It’s good I sent Leslie home. I wouldn’t want her to see me like this. Now I pray no one comes rushing through the bathroom door to unload a Big Gulp or an IV drip of coffee. I don’t want to offer explanations to women I barely know or endure their looks of sympathy.

				I just want to go home, put on my PJs, sink into my couch with the fireplace blazing and ingest a mini chocolate ganache cheesecake with raspberry swirls and a cosmopolitan (or two).

				I splash cold water on my swollen, red eyes and face, washing off the rest of my makeup. Our fancy new eco-friendly bathroom has no paper towels, so I’m forced to turn on a hand dryer and squat slightly. I turn my face toward the dryer vent and try to dry it without searing off my eyebrows.

				The bathroom door slowly creaks open. I realize how insane I must look, bent over, butt in the air, trying to French kiss a hand dryer. I stand quickly, hitting my head on the dryer. A large bump begins to rise on my forehead and I feel a little dizzy. Apparently I’m seeing things, because my sister is approaching me with outstretched arms.

				“Melanie, honey, are you alright?”

				I stumble back against the wall and feel my forehead, expecting blood. I peer at her intently, not trusting my judgment after taking a bump on the head. “Mimi?”

				“Jesus, what happened to your forehead? Come on, let me get you back to your office.” Mimi (I think it’s Mimi) takes me by the arm and guides me through the door and down the hallway to my office. She demands the key. Whoever she is, she’s bossy and, quite frankly, a bit scary. I slide the corded key chain off my wrist and hand it to her.

				Maybe-Mimi opens the door, gets me inside and helps me to the couch. “I’m going to get a cold cloth for your head.” She rummages in her purse and pulls out a small facecloth.

				It must be her. She keeps everything a mother might need in that purse of hers.

				She goes to the mini kitchen in our office, wets the cloth, squeezes it out and then adds a few ice cubes from the freezer. “Lean your head back.”

				“Wouldn’t it be easier if I lie down?” I protest.

				“It would be—if you never want to wake up again. What if you’ve got a concussion? Do you know how serious those can be? Look at what happened to poor Natasha Richardson! Just lean your head back against the couch.”

				Mimi gently places the ice-cold cloth on the tender knot on my forehead. Then she sits on the couch next to me, holding the cloth in place. We sit silently for several minutes. Finally she speaks. “I’m sorry, Melanie. I would never have sent you to that event had I known Jaxson would be there. He was supposed to be on vacation with his family in Hawaii. I didn’t realize he was in town this week until he stopped by my desk to say we’d likely be working with you on our executive search. I got over here as soon as I realized you’d seen him.”

				I steady the makeshift icepack with my hand and turn to look at her. She places her hands in her lap, eyes on the floor.

				“I can understand that, Mimi,” I say calmly. “What I can’t understand is why you didn’t tell me you’ve been working with my ex for the past nine months. How could you not mention a thing like that?”

				Mimi turns to me. Her big brown eyes plead for forgiveness like a puppy that’s just whizzed on the brand-new carpet. “I should’ve told you, I know. But you were so devastated when I told you about him getting married. I couldn’t put you through that again.”

				Okay, so she meant well. She still should’ve told me. I don’t look at her or say anything. I sink into the couch, my eyes toward the ceiling. The ice cubes are beginning to melt. Cold water trickles down my forehead and into my eyes. I remove the towel from my head.

				Mimi reaches out to squeeze my free hand. “Sorry I didn’t tell you I work with Jaxson.” She takes the rag from my hand. Then she goes to the kitchen, squeezes out the excess water and returns. She repositions it on my head.

				“How’d you end up working with him?”

				Mimi sighs. “My friend Miranda—”

				“Jaxson’s cousin?”

				She nods. “She knew I was looking for work. Our finances were a mess. I didn’t want to tell you guys, but we were weeks from losing our house.”

				I knew Marcus wasn’t having much success with his job search and that his internet business hadn’t panned out. But I never imagined things had become so precarious for my sister. “Why didn’t you say anything? I could’ve helped.”

				“I know, but we really needed to do this on our own.”

				I can’t help but think that by “we” she means “she.”

				“I’m a grown woman with children of my own. I didn’t want to go running to Mommy or big sis for a handout.”

				“I get it,” I say.

				Mimi knows we’d do anything for her and the kids. But the assistance would have been accompanied by a healthy dose of criticism of Marcus. Maybe that’s why she didn’t ask for our help. She doesn’t want us to think any less of him. I admire her strength and loyalty to Marcus, though right now I’m not sure he deserves it.

				“So, Jaxson found out I needed a job desperately,” she continues. “He called and asked me to meet him for lunch. I refused, but he was insistent. He said he really needed my help. We met for coffee, and he gave me this song and dance about how he had to have someone he could rely on to fill an HR position, and didn’t I do an HR internship in college? He asked me to do it as a favor to him. He never mentioned talking to Miranda.”

				“That was uncharacteristically selfless of him.” There’s a twinge in my chest. Mimi and Jax were about as fond of each other as Tom and Jerry. The thought of him going out of his way to do something so amazing for my sister melts the ice from my heart the tiniest little bit. “So how’d you find out Miranda lobbied Jax to hire you?”

				“She spilled the beans after I’d taken the job. She didn’t realize he hadn’t told me.”

				“Does Jaxson know?”

				“I confronted him about it after Miranda told me. He was disappointed I knew. Said he didn’t want me to feel indebted or to change the dynamics of our relationship.”

				“What relationship? You’ve always hated him.”

				“He’s aware of that. He said he did it out of his love and respect for you.” She says these words carefully, gauging my reaction to them.

				I shift uncomfortably, unsure what to say. I’ve put so much energy into my hatred of Jaxson. It’s unsettling to have the scales tip in his favor twice in one day.

				“I took him at his word,” she continues. “I treat him cordially, but not like a friend. He’s a decent boss and he’s good at what he does.”

				“Do you believe him?” I ask her. “About doing it for me?”

				Mimi sighs and fiddles with the ruffle of her sleeve. “I think he did this as a way to say he’s sorry for screwing you over. I also think he hoped he’d be able to keep tabs on you.”

				“He’s been asking about me?”

				Mimi rolls her eyes and nods. “I give cryptic responses. I didn’t even tell him you were back in town. I never told you what he did for me because I didn’t want you to forgive him. He doesn’t deserve it. Maybe that makes me a heartless bitch, but I can’t help how I feel. You don’t fuck with my sister and get away with it.”

				I’m satisfied with my sister’s apology. Besides, I can’t stay mad at her. I need her right now.

				I shift in my seat and fold my legs underneath me. Mimi sits there patiently. Waiting. She places the melting ice pack in a ceramic bowl on the side table.

				“It’s been five years since we were together. I thought I was over him. But the moment I saw him...” I pause, blinking back tears. Mimi puts her arm around me and I bury my face in her shoulder. Tears drip onto her blouse. “It was awful. Every ounce of pain...it was all there.”

				Mimi rubs my shoulder and wipes away tears. She kisses the top of my head, like Dad used to. “It was a devastating breakup. It’s only natural you’re still feeling some anger and resentment.”

				“I wanted to take a chair and slam it over his head. Instead, I let him walk me back here.”

				“Jaxson was here? Today?”

				I nod, wiping tears away with the back of my hand. “This deal is an incredible opportunity for me, for our firm. I can’t let my personal feelings get in the way. I have to show Damien he made the right choice by selecting me for this job.”

				“You sure you can handle this, Mel? It’s a lot to ask of anyone.” She frowns.

				I cross the room and take a handful of paper towels from the kitchen. “Every meeting with Jaxson will not end like this. He’s a means to an end for me. It’s just that...I can deal with hating his guts. What I can’t handle... What I didn’t expect is that I still have feelings for him.” Tears sting my eyes. I swallow hard, trying to fight them back. “He held my hand, and all these feelings came rushing back.”

				I sit in the chair across from Mimi and wipe my face with the rough, brown paper towel. “I knew I could keep it together if I just held on to my resentment. But he apologized—a sincere apology, not the bullshit excuses he used to give. I lost it. How could I still have feelings for him after everything he’s done to me? Now he wants to apologize, and I melt into a fucking puddle.”

				Mimi sits on the edge of the couch. “You’re going to scrape your skin off with that thing.” She squeezes the rag out into the bowl and then tosses it to me. “Wipe your face with this.”

				The cold cloth soothes the irritated skin on my face, nose and eyelids. I look across the room at my sister. She’s silent, her face etched with concern.

				“I know what you’re thinking, but I’m not going to do anything stupid.” She looks unconvinced. “Nothing is going to happen between us. Jaxson is married, and I respect that—even if I hate that skeezoid.”

				Mimi raises an eyebrow.

				I stand and pace the floor. “Okay, so I haven’t always made good decisions where he’s concerned. But I’m not going to have an affair with him. What happened between us is over. I’m grateful to him for helping my little sister, no matter why he did it. But our time has passed. He’s married and I’m—”

				“Still in love with him,” Mimi interrupts.

				“I am not in love with him. I said I still had feelings for him. I didn’t say I plan to bed him down. Everything’ll be fine. He has his wife, and I’ve got my work.”

				“What if he didn’t? Then what?”

				I turn to look at her. “What’re you saying?”

				Mimi wrings her hands. “I’m saying he’s no longer married.”

				“What?”

				“I didn’t know until today. Not that it matters because you’re not in love with him anymore, right?” Her gaze is hopeful.

				I sit down again and put my hand to my forehead. The swelling has gone down, but suddenly I feel foggy.

				“He scheduled that vacation almost a year ago. I knew he’d been looking rough lately. Not his usual, happy-go-lucky self. I figured they were just having problems. Apparently they’ve been separated for six months. Their divorce was finalized last month.”

				“He’s divorced?” My head is throbbing. “I mentioned his wife twice today. Why didn’t he say anything?”

				“Maybe he intends to win her back or something. I don’t know. What I do know is this guy is kryptonite for you, always has been. You’ve got so much going for you, Mel. I don’t want to see you end up a basket case or run off to God knows where again.”

				“You’re being melodramatic.”

				“No, I’m not!” Mimi slaps the couch then purses her lips and crosses her arms. “You’re home. We’re a family again. Please don’t let him ruin it.” Mimi crosses the room, kneels and hugs me.

				“My relationship with Jaxson will remain strictly professional. I promise,” I say, almost believing it.

				I look down at my sister. She’s completely unconvinced. I bite my lip and let out a deep sigh. I’ve kept my relationship with Raine from her ’til now, but it’s the only card I have left to play. “There’s something I need to tell you, but you have to swear you won’t blab to Mom.”

				“What is it?” Mimi furrows her brow and wrinkles her nose.

				“Promise first.”

				“Okay, I promise,” she says begrudgingly but then adds, “unless it’s something life and death or completely insane.” She slides onto the couch. “So what’s the big secret?”

				“I’m seeing someone. Well, not exactly seeing him—”

				“What do you mean, ‘not exactly seeing him’? You aren’t involved in some prison pen-pal thing are you?”

				“Oh my God, you are so Mom.” I sigh. “No, Mimi, things haven’t gotten quite that bad yet.”

				“Sorry. I just saw a special about women who get caught up in prison romances.” She lets out a sigh of relief. “Go ahead. Explain.”

				I narrow my eyes at my sister. The switched-at-birth theory suddenly seems quite viable. I rub my forehead and sigh. “I was seeing someone right before I left San Francisco. We’ve decided to try a long-distance relationship.”

				“You’ve got a boyfriend?” She moves to the edge of her seat.

				“We’re not sure what this is yet,” I admit. “We’re taking things slow, trying to see where it goes.”

				“So who is this guy? Tell me about him.”

				“His name is Raine. He runs the nonprofit organization I refer candidates to who aren’t right for J&G.”

				“I remember him!” Mimi claps her hands together, excited about any romantic prospects for me that don’t include Jaxson Payne. “It’s too bad about the move,” she says. “Not that you came home. I’m glad you did. Just the timing, I mean.”

				“Serves us both right. Jamie always says I should go for something if I really want it. I guess I never realized how much I did.”

				Mimi hugs me. “I’m happy for you. And if this thing with Raine is meant to be, you two will find a way to work it out.”

				“Do you really believe that?”

				Mimi puts on her biggest smile for me. “I do.”

				I force a smile, glad to see my sister relieved. Maybe now she’ll be more comfortable with me working with Jaxson.

				At least that makes one of us.





		 			 				Chapter Fifteen

				The past two weeks have been slightly insane. I’ve had countless meetings with potential clients, trying to entice them with my history of successful candidate placements and woo them with overpriced lunches at some of the best restaurants in town.

				Jaxson’s boss is the owner of both the Monarchs and the Cavaliers. Jax offered to let me use his primo Cavs seats to woo clients. I hated to use them, but I had to. And it was those tickets that sealed the deal with two of my newest clients. Our office has doubled new placement contracts over the past several weeks. Damien is pleased, but I find myself increasingly indebted to Jax.

				While I’ve been wining and dining potential J&G clients, Jax has been wining and dining me. I won’t lie, those first few meetings were painful, like walking on jagged shards of broken glass. Each time I’d return home feeling bruised, bloody and raw. But eventually the knot in my stomach loosened and the fingers that seemed to grip my heart slowly unclenched. Almost imperceptibly, my feelings for him began to shift. I no longer see Jax as a fanged werewolf. He’s a savvy businessman and a devoted father. And he still possesses that dangerous, four-alarm sex appeal that often requires one to fan herself. Or maybe that’s just me.

				Jax and I have had several working dinners over the past month. Yet we manage to spend a lot of time just talking, which is what we find ourselves doing over a meal at one of his favorite restaurants, a local steakhouse.

				He leans across the table and scrolls through his phone, showing me the latest pictures of his two daughters—Casey, who’s five, and Madison, who’s three. They’re adorable. Jaxson talks incessantly about the girls but rarely mentions his wife, Gina, and has yet to admit they’re divorced. I pretend not to know. It’s safer this way. He sighs. “Casey wants to become a cheerleader for the neighborhood peewee football team.”

				“They start that young?” I spear some field greens and shove them in my mouth.

				“Unfortunately.” He cringes as he takes a swig of his cognac and cranberry juice. “It’s insane. They’re little girls. They should be playing with dolls and riding a Big Wheel.”

				“Do they still make those?” I laugh, remembering how I’d fly down the street on mine, four puffy braids streaming behind me, and Mimi screaming for me to slow down so she could catch up.

				“Yes, and they’re as loud now as they were then.” He frowns. “My mom bought them for the girls last Christmas. I think that’s her way of paying me back for trampling her garden with mine when I was seven.”

				My shoulders shake with a quiet snicker. “God, that sounds like Alice,” I say.

				“It certainly does,” he agrees. “By the way, Mom sends her regards. She also asked me to give you a hug and a—”

				I hold up my hand. “Just tell her I said hello and return the favor for me.”

				“She’s still mad at me, you know. About you.” He takes another sip of his drink. “If I hadn’t finally given her grandkids, she’d probably have written me out of her will by now.”

				“Your mom’s a wonderful lady.” I give him a restrained smile. “And she always was a very good judge of character.”

				His deep chuckle resonates throughout our section of the restaurant, and I can’t help but smile. I’ve always loved that laugh.

				“So are you going to let Casey be a cheerleader?” I take the lemon off the side of my glass and squeeze it into my water before replacing it.

				“Not if I can help it.” He scrolls through the pictures again and lands on one of his daughter in a little cheerleader outfit. “But it’s pretty hard to say no to that face.”

				I peer at the photo of Casey and smile. She has her father’s gorgeous brown skin and determined eyes. “She’s beautiful,” I say.

				“Thanks—”

				“Braised beef short rib osso bucco.” A server places a large, steaming hot plate in front of Jax then offers him fresh pepper. Another server sets a plate in front of me. “Chilean sea bass with mashed cauliflower and Brussels sprouts.”

				“Thank you.” I nod.

				“I still can’t believe you like those things.” Jax wrinkles his nose and nods toward the Brussels sprouts. “They smell nasty.”

				I laugh, remembering how he’d complain when I cooked them. “They’re an acquired taste. Not unlike beer.”

				“I’ll have to take your word for it.” He smiles broadly. “Are you sure I can’t get you a drink? A meal that lovely deserves an equally impressive pairing.”

				“Your drink does look good.” I look longingly at his glass.

				“Try it.” Jax thrusts the glass toward me.

				I don’t raise my hands to accept it. My eyes linger on the rim where his lips were moments ago. Drinking from his glass seems too intimate. I don’t want to give him the wrong impression. But when I glance up and see that broad smile and those gleaming white teeth against his gorgeous skin... I sigh. I’m putting my lips where his have been, not directly on them. I’m being silly. Wrapping my fingers around the cold, highball glass, I take a sip.

				“Mmm... This is good,” I say. “I’ll have one of these.”

				“Just keep that one.” One corner of his mouth turns up in a mischievous grin. Then he licks his bottom lip and nods at the glass, not quite two-thirds full. “We both know you can’t handle much more than that.”

				God, I hate him for knowing me so well. And for wearing that fucking adorable smirk while he’s doing it.

				He calls our server over so he can order another drink. She stares at him like he’s the last slice of apple pie on this side of the Mississippi, or like she’s going to hump his leg. I can’t really be sure which. However, there’s no mistaking the look she gives me. It’s pure contempt served with a side of “fuck you.” It may not be safe to eat my food, but this sea bass is orgasmically delicious. At least I’ll die happy.

				Broomhilda—the name I assign our server in my head—returns with another drink for Jax and one last sneer for me. We go back to chatting about his girls, my family and what I miss about San Francisco. We even manage to squeeze in some actual work.

				“Your sister has really come into her own since you’ve returned home,” he says.

				“What do you mean?”

				Jax looks at me, head tilted, one eyebrow raised. “Her interior design consulting.”

				“Oh, that.” I certainly wasn’t going to tell Mimi’s boss that she’d been taking on design jobs. Since he apparently already knows, there’s no point in lying about it. “It keeps her busy on the weekends, and she’s pretty damned amazing. She designed my place and our office.”

				“She did that?” He sounds impressed. “Hmm... She does do good work. Of course, I haven’t seen your place.”

				I ignore his comment and the accompanying smirk that makes his eyes gleam. “How’d you know about Mimi’s interior design consulting?”

				“It’s all the rage at the office. She’s done some work for a couple of the players and one of the coaches.”

				“And why do you think this has something to do with me?”

				“Doesn’t it?” He raises an eyebrow, smiling.

				I redirect the conversation back to his daughters, since I doubt Mimi would appreciate me chatting with him about her blossoming business. Jaxson’s eyes seem lit from within as he tells me a story about Casey and Madison bringing frogs home from the creek behind their house. Who is this man and what’s he done with the real Jaxson Payne? The man who called children a nuisance and rolled his eyes when our friends pulled out pictures of their kids.

				Jax’s transformation from a narcissist jerk to a doting father is stunning. When we were together, he acted as if he were the center of the universe. It was one of the primary reasons my mother disliked him. “What kind of father would he be, honey?” she’d say.

				I sigh. Back then, deep down I was sure Mom was right. But now I know what kind of father he is, a pretty great one. He’s still smart, confident and funny—all the things I loved about him. Yet the self-centered behavior that drove us apart seems to be gone. The impossible has happened: Peter Pan has finally grown up. I’m thrilled that it’s finally happened, that Jax is the man I always believed he could be. But the fact that I wasn’t enough to make that happen... My stomach clenches and there is a hollow ache in my heart. Maybe Gina really was what he needed, not me.

				“I’m sorry, Melanie. I must be boring you to death talking about my kids.” Jax polishes off the last of his braised beef.

				The sound of my name draws me out of the daze I’m in, thinking about what might have been. I shake my head and pick up the fork again. “No, I apologize. You’re not boring me at all. I was thinking...about work.” I take a sip from the glass.

				“And you’re doing a phenomenal job. Your dad would really be proud of you.”

				Back pressed against the chair, I take a deep swallow of the cognac. I put the glass down and meet his eyes with mine. “I hope so.”

				Jaxson starts to tell a funny story about the first time he met Dad. So much for my rule about our history being wiped clean. We laugh. Aside from that initial typical-father-meets-boyfriend episode, Dad and Jaxson had always gotten along pretty well.

				The story about my dad leads in to a few others and then funny memories of our families and friends. When he reaches across the table and touches my hand, I feel a flutter in my belly that makes me squirm. He’s still talking and laughing, but I know that I’ve let him in too deep, that I need to find my line in the sand and crawl back on the other side.

				Mimi made me promise that if I begin to feel the slightest bit of...anything for Jax, that I’d call her so she could knock some sense back into my head. But I don’t want to hear one of her lectures tonight.

				“Thanks for the meal, Jaxson.” I slide my hand from beneath his and place it in my lap. “But I just remembered that I promised to do something for Mimi tonight. Sorry to leave so suddenly.” I stand up and remove my coat from the back of the chair.

				“I’ve kept you out way too long tonight.” He stands and helps me into my coat. “At least let me take you home.”

				“No.” I turn around quickly, nearly head-butting him in the nose. “I...I could use the fresh air. I’d rather walk.” I hold my open palm out, facing him, to nix his objections. “I’ll be fine. Really. I walk in the evening all the time.”

				“If that’s what you want.” He gives me a rueful smile and nods once. “Thanks for dinner. It was nice thinking about old times.”

				I press my lips into a reluctant smile before I turn and head for the door.

				As I walk home, the chilly air swirls around me and slaps at my nose and cheeks like a thousand tiny blades. I think of what Jamie said to me five years ago. If you and Jax are really meant to be together, maybe this is the journey you both need to take. I wrap my scarf around my neck as many times as its length will allow, shove my hands deeper into my pockets and make my way home.





		 			 				Chapter Sixteen

				It’s Thursday night, and I’m trying to watch the Cavs game while reviewing résumés of possible candidates for a VP position at a small start-up when my cell phone rings. It’s Raine. I smile. Connecting with Jaxson again has stirred unresolved feelings, but it hasn’t changed the way I feel about Raine.

				Raine and I talk on the phone nearly every night. He keeps hinting that it’s been forever since he’s seen snow. I’d love to see him, but now doesn’t seem like the right time. Business is constantly coming in, and I’m working at home on my laptop every night.

				I answer the phone. “You’re calling early on a Thursday night.”

				“Hello, beautiful! I couldn’t wait to hear your voice. What’re you doing?”

				“Watching the game and sorting through résumés. Wishing I was at the game drinking an overpriced beer instead.” I pause for a moment then add, “Missing you.”

				“I wish I was there with you now,” he says in a low, sexy growl that makes my heart beat faster.

				“And exactly what would you do if you were here now?”

				“Hmm...where to start? I guess with the obvious. I’d give you a big hug and kiss. Lots of kisses. All over your face. Down your neck. Wherever else the spirit leads me,” he says slyly.

				I giggle. I’m in full schoolgirl mode now. “Sounds like a good start. What next?”

				“Oh, you want more?”

				“A lot more.”

				“I’d make you a mojito and light the fire to set the mood for what’s to come.”

				“And exactly what is to come?” I bite my lip and run my finger along the stitching in the sofa.

				“I can show you a lot better than I can tell you,” he says. There is a male voice in the background, but I can’t quite make out what he’s saying. “Hey, I have to go,” he says quickly. “Can I call you back later?”

				“Umm...yeah...sure,” I say. The line is already dead.

				I sit there slightly stunned, staring at the phone bitterly, as if it’s to blame. Before I can pout about the abrupt end to our conversation, there’s a loud knock at my door. I wonder if my neighbor, Mrs. Applegate, is bringing more baked goods. At this rate I’m going to be the size of Shamu.

				“Who is it?” I approach the front door.

				“Delivery,” a gruff voice responds.

				At nearly eight at night? I look around the room for a makeshift weapon. I’m wishing I’d taken the baseball bat my mother insisted I keep under my bed.

				“I didn’t order anything.” I peer through the peephole and nearly faint. I look again to make sure that long hours squinting at my laptop screen isn’t affecting my vision. I open the door slowly.

				Raine stands there in full winter gear, a bag slung over one shoulder, a wide smile on his face. “Hello there, gorgeous.”

				I want to scold him. He should’ve told me he was coming. My apartment is a mess. All I have in the refrigerator is a partial case of beer, hummus and wilted salad leaves.

				Yet as I look at him now, none of that matters. I don’t care that he’s seeing me in sweats with no makeup. I’m just glad to see him. Silent tears stream down my cheeks before I can blink them back or turn away from him. I dry my face with the sleeves of the tattered sweatshirt I’m wearing. I’m embarrassed. It’s too early in the relationship for tears.

				“I hope those are tears of joy,” he says. “If so, that’s a better reception than I’d imagined.”

				I grab Raine by the hand, pull him inside my condo and throw my arms around him. I still haven’t said a word. I can’t believe he’s here or how emotional I’ve become. Wasn’t it me who insisted he shouldn’t visit?

				Raine kisses my wet cheek. His fingers gently trace my cheekbones. A huge smile spreads across his handsome face. He plants soft kisses on my lips.

				I lean deeper into him, wrapping my arms around his waist, afraid he’ll float away as quickly as he appeared if I don’t hold on to him. He tastes like mint and chocolate. I breathe in the scent of his cologne and the coconut-scented shampoo he uses.

				I run my fingers through his hair as he kisses me. His arms are around my waist, pulling me closer into him. The kisses quickly graduate from sweet and tender to hungry and desperate.

				It’s been six months since we’ve been together. My body is filled with electricity, longing and anticipation of the moment we make our way up the hall and into my...unmade bed.

				I pull away for a moment to catch my breath. I smooth my hair down and wipe my face. “Of course I’m happy to see you.” I finally answer the question asked several minutes ago. Though I’m pretty sure he already has his answer.

				“Good. Otherwise this would be pretty awkward.” Raine smiles. “I made reservations at the Embassy Suites, just in case.”

				“You are not staying at a hotel. I don’t want to be separated from you any more than I have to be.” I smile furtively. Then I realize he’s beginning to perspire under all the layers of clothing. “Let me take your bag and your coat. You must be starving and exhausted.”

				“They served something on the plane,” he says, “and I just had a—”

				“Peppermint Pattie.”

				Raine laughs. “Yeah.”

				“Let me order some food and straighten up a little. Maybe grab us a bottle of wine before the market downstairs closes.”

				“I don’t care about any of that. I’m here to see you.”

				“You flew across the country to see me. The least I can do is buy a few groceries and a couple of bottles of wine.” I grab my coat from the hall closet and toss it over the couch. “I’ve gotta find my shoes,” I call over my shoulder, heading up the hall to my room. “Just make yourself comfortable. There’s beer and hummus in the fridge. Fresh pita is in the bread box.”

				I rush around my bedroom and bathroom cleaning and tidying the place up. I do my major cleaning on the weekends. It’s Thursday, so things are at their worst. I’m not a slob, but I’ve never been as neat as my mother and sister. I’m much more like my father. We clean up behind ourselves—eventually. We just don’t have the inclination or presence of mind to clean up as we go, the way Mom and Mimi do.

				It takes me about ten minutes to straighten the bedroom and hang up the suits thrown over my chair. I take a quick look at myself in the bathroom mirror. I look an unholy mess. My hair is pulled back in a messy ponytail. I’m not wearing any makeup. Worst of all, I’m wearing awful gray sweats that have seen better decades.

				I crack the bedroom door. “You okay out there? Can I get you anything?”

				“I’m good,” he says. “Your Cavs are keeping me company until you come back. Which I hope will be soon,” he adds.

				I smile. “Sorry. I’ll be there in a second. Well, more like fifteen minutes. It’ll be worth the wait, I promise.”

				I shower, wash my hair and shave all essential regions. I wrap a towel around my wet hair and another around my body and search for my makeup kit. There’s a knock on my bedroom door.

				I crack the door with one hand, and brace the towel that is struggling to conceal my ample curves with the other.

				“Yes?” I try to ignore the fact that his eyes are slowly scanning what he can see above and below the towel. “I’ll be just a few more minutes.”

				“And what if I can’t wait a few more minutes?” His hand rests against the door.

				“You can’t rush perfection.” I bat my eyes playfully.

				“You’re already perfect.” He leans in to kiss me. “It doesn’t matter whether you’re in a ballroom gown, sweats or a peach bath towel.”

				Raine gently traces the skin on my chest, just above the towel, which holds on precariously against the strain of my breasts. He trails his fingers up my neck and kisses me.

				“Well, at least let me get—”

				Raine cuts me off with a kiss.

				He holds my face in his hands. “I know you want everything to be perfect, but all I want is you. Just the way you are. Right now.”

				I smile, walking backward slowly until my calves hit the side of the bed. I take a deep breath and let the towel drop.

				Raine takes the towel off my head and tosses it on the floor. Wet curls frame my face and cover my eyes. I pull his sweater over his head and unbutton his shirt. He peels off his undershirt and jeans.

				We enjoy the warmth of each other’s bodies on this frigid winter night. Each kiss, each touch melts the ice from my heart and body just a little more.

				His hands caress my hardened nipples. He nips at them gently with his teeth and circles them slowly with his tongue. Raine trails kisses along my neck, between my breasts, down my stomach. The steady thump of my heart rivals the intensity of the pulsing ache between my thighs.

				He talks to me in a low, sensuous tone, demanding to know what I want, what I like, where I want him to touch me. Right now the answer is everywhere. I wish he were able to touch every throbbing, pulsing nerve at once.

				He withholds the one thing I want so badly, until I ask for it. Beg for it. Then he peels himself off of me and slides off the briefs that have been trying unsuccessfully to restrain the bulge beneath them. He fumbles through his wallet, pulls out a condom and puts it on. Good. He’s prepared. Right now I’m in a euphoric daze, not thinking straight because all I want is...

				Raine slowly guides himself inside of me. My breath is quick and shallow. I press my fingers into his back, pulling him closer. I wrap my legs around him, allowing him to thrust deeper inside. He glides in and out of me slowly, deliberately. All of my senses are heightened. I’m distinctly aware of the heat of his skin, his captivating scent, the hardness of his body in contrast to my soft curves, every sound we make.

				Raine rocks us gently into moments of intense pleasure. Moments in which I say things I’ve never said to a man before. I beg him not to stop. I plead for more. I tell him how much I need him and where.

				For a moment I forget how convoluted and impossible long-distance relationships can be. I forget all the objections I wrestle with whenever I consider the possibility of taking the relationship further.

				My only thought is, I want this man in my bed every night. I want to start my day over coffee with him in the morning and discuss my day with him over dinner at night.

				Afterward he holds me in his arms. My body fits perfectly against his like the curved, vintage set of salt and pepper shakers my mother owns. I wish we could stay like this forever.

				I try to push all the disquieting thoughts from my mind. The ones that remind me Raine is only here for the weekend and come Monday night, I’ll be sleeping alone, wishing he were beside me.





		 			 				Chapter Seventeen

				The aroma of coffee and fresh baked goods awakens me the next morning. Still groggy, I slowly open my eyes and check my alarm clock. It’s not quite seven, so I close my eyes again. The clanging of dishes prompts me to saunter out of bed and into the bathroom.

				My hair looks like a Statue of Liberty crown fashioned of kinky, brown curls. I take a quick shower, wash my hair and get ready for work. I have two important meetings today. I can’t miss either of them. Raine will have to understand.

				I pull my hair back into a low bun. Then I wrap myself in a towel and pad quietly into my bedroom to get dressed.

				I’ve just shimmied into my underwear when Raine enters the room with a makeshift tray in hand. It’s the top of a moving box I had lying around. He’s lined it with wax paper.

				“Good morning, beautiful.” He leans down and kisses me, transferring faint traces of lip gloss from my lips to his.

				“Morning. How’d you sleep last night?”

				“I slept well.” He puts the tray on the nightstand next to my bed. “Better than I have in a long time.”

				Raine comes up behind me and wraps his arms around my waist. He kisses my neck and ear. I immediately suck in my stomach. Breathing takes a backseat to creating the illusion of a flatter tummy.

				“Last night was amazing,” I whisper. “I’d like nothing more than a repeat performance, but I have to go to work today. I’m the boss now. I can’t play hooky.”

				I slip out of his embrace and dart into my walk-in closet. I survey my wardrobe for something that’ll make a great exit as I leave Raine shortly without titillating the lascivious old men I’m seeing for breakfast and lunch meetings today.

				He leans against the door frame, his arms crossed. “I knew you’d probably be working. Don’t worry. I’ll find something to keep me occupied.” He presses his lips into a smile that’s nearly convincing.

				I appreciate the effort. “Good,” I say, grabbing a pair of black pants with a flared leg, the matching jacket and a lavender camisole to wear underneath.

				“Wait...” Raine steps into the closet and slips his arms around me. He takes the clothing from my hand and returns it to the shelf. “I know you can’t miss work, but maybe you could be a few minutes late.”

				I look at my watch, a white-gold Bulova my grandmother gave me more than twenty years ago. “Leslie and I usually meet over coffee to plan our attack. If I’m late, I’ll have to go directly into my meeting.”

				Raine trails kisses along my neck and shoulders, undisturbed by my argument. Then he does the thing that drives me absolutely insane. He slides his warm, wet tongue into my ear. He has broken through my final wall of resistance.

				“Ever made love in a closet?” he purrs in my ear.

				“I haven’t, and something about it sounds really kinky and weird. Don’t you think?” I giggle.

				“I don’t know.” He slides the bra straps off my shoulder. “Guess there’s only one way to find out.”

				* * *

				I rush to work, talking to Leslie all the way there. She brings me up-to-date on morning emails and voice messages. I’m harried but well-prepared as I walk through the door.

				Leslie takes my coat and hangs it on the coatrack. I’m wearing a pair of black, high-heeled boots—a risky undertaking with ice still peeking from underneath the snow on some of the sidewalks in front of closed businesses. I manage to make it into work safely and I’ve shaved at least three minutes off my morning routine by not having to change from my Uggs into a pair of office-worthy shoes.

				I make a beeline for my office, put my briefcase and purse underneath my desk, pull out the files I’ve prepared for my meeting with M.B. and head over to the meeting room. Leslie falls in line behind me, providing last-minute updates.

				I stand over the table, reviewing the setup. The information packet I’ve prepared for M.B. is set at his place. Pfaltzgraff melamine dishware marks our places at the table. The pretty Evening Sun pattern features rich oranges, fiery reds, sunny yellows and sage green. Colors mimicked in the beautiful bouquet of flowers now sitting in the center of the table.

				A yummy array of pastries from Cream-N-Sugar Bakery is the highlight. The assorted fruit tarts in apricot, raspberry, blackberry and apple and flaky mini puff pastries are configured in the shape of an edible flower. A fragrant assortment of tea from Teavana is lined up on the counter, against the wall. Next to it, the coffeemaker is brewing an aromatic Hawaiian Kona coffee.

				I’m impressed with Leslie’s presentation. I hope M.B. will be impressed with mine.

				“Everything looks great.” I nod approvingly. “You’re brilliant. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”

				She smiles broadly. “Thank you.” She looks at me, squinting, then reaches out and yanks something from my hair. She examines it for a moment then raises an eyebrow and smirks at me. “You’ve got little pieces of carpet in the back of your hair.”

				“Oh my God.” My cheeks flush. I rush to the mirror in my office. Leslie follows me.

				“Don’t be embarrassed.” She picks beige carpet fibers out of my hair. “We’ve all been there. Me and Rick couldn’t keep our hands off each other before the kids were born. We went for a morning roll in the hay on the regular. I wore a hair net to work then, so it was all good.” She pauses for a moment before broaching the subject we’re both avoiding. “I didn’t realize you were seeing anyone. Not that it’s any of my business.”

				“It’s a long story.”

				“It’s not your ex, Jaxson, is it?” She holds her breath as she asks the question.

				“No. God, no.”

				Leslie lets out a sigh of relief. “Well, whatever else, and whomever else, you’re doing is none of my business.” She smiles reassuringly, then pats my hair and tucks a stray piece behind my ear. “There. All done. Go get ’im, tiger. You’re on a roll.”

				Leslie’s right. We’ve kicked ass these past few weeks. Damien was extremely pleased with the progress of the Great Lakes branch during our recent weekly phone conference. He suggested it might be time to bring on an account manager to service current clients while I focus on acquiring new ones.

				I could use the help, but I’m reluctant to add someone else to our team. Leslie and I have a great working relationship. Another person might upset the balance.

				The door opens, and M.B. enters the reception area, bringing the distinct scent of cigars and Old Spice with him. He smells like my grandfather but has none of his endearing qualities. Leslie greets M.B., helps him remove his coat and ushers him into the meeting room.

				I take another look in the mirror and compose myself before joining them in the conference room. I extend my hand to M.B. A menacing grin spreads across his face. Following his leer, I discover I haven’t buttoned my jacket up as far as I intended.

				Sucking in a deep breath, I push all unsettling thoughts out of mind and focus on my goal. I want this deal and I’m determined to get a signed contract from M.B. Hawthorne. Today. Even if it takes a little cleavage to get the job done.

				I sit down across from M.B., and we begin “the dance.” I smile and launch into my presentation. He tells me he’s impressed with J&G and me, but concerned we won’t be able to manage an account of this size in our small office.

				“I understand your concerns,” I say immediately. “It won’t be a problem. We’re bringing on an account manager for just this reason.”

				“Sooner rather than later, I hope,” he says, one eyebrow raised.

				“Absolutely.”

				“Then you’ve got a deal.” M.B. sticks out his large, jelly-smeared, crumb-coated hand. I shake it firmly then hand him a pen before he changes his mind or tries to peer down my blouse again on the pretense of getting his fourth Danish.

				Afterward I call Damien to share the good news and to tell him I need to move forward with hiring an account manager. I’ll begin my search as soon as I get through all the meetings I have lined up over the next few weeks.

				“I don’t want you to worry about that right now,” he says. “I have just the person in mind.”

				A stone drops to the pit of my stomach. “Who?”

				Damien pauses before he responds. I know what he’s going to say before he even says it.

				“Ms. Cohen would be an excellent help to you,” he says. My only response is rapid, shallow breathing. “It would only be until you find someone permanent—someone completely of your choosing.”

				“Priscilla is very capable.” I twirl the phone cord around a trembling finger. “Our styles are quite different. I’m concerned about the negative impact that might have on the progress we’re making.”

				“You’re both professionals.” Damien’s tone makes it clear this isn’t up for discussion. “You’re adept at working with...difficult personalities. This time you’ll have a decided advantage—you’re her superior. Make that clear from the outset.”

				I’m silent, brooding like a teenager who’s just been told she has to go to the prom with her cousin.

				“This won’t be a problem, will it?” Damien presses. Subdued irritation laces his words.

				I exhale and force a smile, hoping it’s reflected in my voice rather than the immense anger I’m feeling. “Of course not. Besides, I could use the immediate help.”

				“That’s the spirit.” Damien’s tone is lighter. “Hold on for a moment. I’ll get Jane and Ms. Cohen on the line.”

				Damien is gone before I can respond. A few minutes later he announces we’re on a conference call and names all the players.

				“Hello, Damien. Hello, Jane,” Priscilla says brightly. “Hey, Gordon. Keeping warm out there?” she adds in a decidedly flat tone that barely disguises her attempt at mockery.

				My mouth twists. The knot in my stomach constricts. “Priscilla.”

				An uncomfortable pause follows.

				“I’ll get right to the point,” Damien says. “Ms. Gordon is doing a phenomenal job with the Great Lakes branch. If things continue to go well there, we’ll move forward with our plans to open a Pacific Northwest Branch in Seattle.”

				“How soon?” Priscilla jumps in with the eagerness of a salivating wolf peering through the window of an unguarded henhouse. “Do you have someone in mind?”

				“In the next eighteen months or so,” Damien says. His displeasure at being interrupted sharpens each word. “And yes, we do have someone in mind. I was just getting to that.”

				“Of course, I’m sorry,” Priscilla says with excited anticipation.

				“You’ve made it quite clear you feel you’re ready for this opportunity. You’re talented and ambitious. Still, Jane and I share some concerns about your ability to lead your own team.”

				“Concerns?” Priscilla’s voice sounds small and deflated.

				“Before you can be a good team leader, you have to be a good team player,” Jane says firmly. “That’s your Achilles’ heel and your opportunity for improvement.”

				“I contribute considerably to my team’s monthly goals,” Priscilla says a bit too smugly.

				Jane lets out a bitter snort. It occurs to me that she’s probably as eager to send Miss Prissy across the country as I was to leave her behind.

				“Perhaps we have a fundamental difference of opinion on what it means to be a team player,” Damien says sternly. “I certainly hope that isn’t the case.”

				“It’s not,” Priscilla says quickly then begins to backtrack. “You’re both right. It’s an area in which I can improve. What can I do to show you I am a team player? I’ll do whatever it takes.”

				“I’m glad you feel that way,” Jane says. I envision her sporting an evil grin and rubbing her hands together like the villain in an old black-and-white movie. “Because we have the perfect assignment in mind.”

				“Whatever it is, I’m on it!” Priscilla sounds uncharacteristically desperate.

				A sardonic smile creeps across my face. Suddenly I’m enjoying this.

				“Excellent,” Damien says. “As I mentioned, things are going quite well at the Great Lakes branch. So much so that Ms. Gordon is in need of an account manager ASAP.” We all ignore Miss Prissy’s muffled gasp of horror. Damien continues. “She’ll begin her search soon, but I don’t want her to lose focus on business development right now. We’d like you to go to Cleveland and take on the role of the Great Lakes account manager until a permanent replacement is found.”

				“You want me to go to Cleveland?”

				“Yes,” Damien says.

				“Ohio?”

				“Yes!” Jane’s voice bears the distinct irritation of a mother responding to the tenth successive “Why?” from her small child. “You say you’re a team player? Prove it.”

				“You don’t have a problem with that, do you, Ms. Cohen?” Damien’s words smack of a taunt.

				“No! Of course not.” Priscilla forces a nervous laugh. “I was just clarifying, that’s all.” She clears her throat. “So, when would I need to leave?”

				“I did mention we need someone to step in right away,” Damien says brusquely.

				“Right. Well, I just need the weekend to pack. I can fly out on Sunday night.”

				“Perfect.” Damien says. “Marilyn will make your travel arrangements. Again, this is only until Ms. Gordon finds a permanent replacement. Let’s say ninety days. You’re welcome to fly home on weekends or stay there. It’s up to you. Any questions?”

				“So...as the account manager I’ll—”

				“You’ll manage the staffing needs of our clients, as assigned,” I interject, adding with great satisfaction, “and you’ll report directly to me.”

				“Absolutely,” Damien says. He seems proud I’ve taken his advice. “That won’t be a problem, will it, Ms. Cohen?”

				“Why would it be a problem?” Priscilla says. “It’ll be great to see Gordon again. And snow. I haven’t seen snow since college.”

				I sigh with disappointment. I’d hoped she would refuse the assignment. “Then I look forward to seeing you on Monday,” I say.

				“Bet on it,” Priscilla says, buoyed by my discontentment.

				I close my eyes and picture the two of us in a boxing ring, touching gloves before the bell rings. I just hope I’m not the one lying flat on my back before the end of the first round.





		 			 				Chapter Eighteen

				“Ready for a night on the town?” Raine holds my clutch while I lock the door and returns it when I’m done.

				“Absolutely!” I smooth the skirt of the sleeveless, black shift I’m wearing. My answer to the little black dress. I can’t wait to see what he has in store for us tonight.

				“Good.” He grips my hand and escorts me downstairs to a waiting cab. We slide into the backseat.

				I laugh. “Are you serious? A cab? In Cleveland?”

				The cab driver shoots me a hurt look in the rearview mirror.

				“Sorry,” I tell the handsome, young man. “I didn’t mean it like that.” Lowering my voice, I turn to Raine. “I’ve lived in Cleveland most of my life and I’ve never taken a cab here.”

				“So I’ve introduced you to a new experience.”

				“Guess you have.” I settle into the seat and hope gum, or something worse, isn’t embedded in the fabric.

				“Good. Here’s another...” His mischievous grin makes him even more enticing, a feat I didn’t think possible. He pulls a piece of silky black cloth out of his coat pocket. “Put this on.”

				“What is it?” I raise an eyebrow.

				He chuckles softly. “A blindfold, of course.”

				“Can’t I just keep my eyes closed? I won’t peek. I promise.”

				“Everything will be fine. Trust me. You’re going to love this.”

				I let him put the blindfold on. Raine puts his arm around me and squeezes my hand. I sink into the warmth and comfort of his body.

				The cab comes to a stop after we’ve driven what seems like just a few short blocks. He pays the driver and helps me onto the sidewalk. He grips my waist as we walk across the pavement.

				Raine greets two men, and we walk down a short hallway with a concrete floor. We go through what must be a kitchen. Plates and dishes clang. Orders are being called out. I inhale the delicious aroma of a variety of foods and try to identify the scent. The food seems spicy. Cajun, maybe?

				There’s the disjointed sound of instruments playing. Guitars, drums, horns, a keyboard.

				We walk down another hall before stopping. Raine talks to a man with a deep, thunderous voice. The man asks to see his pass then opens a door and goes inside briefly. A few seconds later he returns.

				“Five minutes,” he says gruffly, then opens the door again.

				Raine guides me through the door. There is the scent of food and flowers and the sound of lots of chatter. Everyone seems to be in a hurry. I bite my lip. My spine tenses. Finally Raine removes the blindfold.

				I blink, adjusting to the light. I try to focus on the tall, thin man in front of me. He looks an awful lot like...

				“Melanie Gordon, I’d like you to meet Jace LeRoth.” Raine grins.

				“Oh my gosh!” My hands cover my mouth, choking back a blatant fan girl scream. It takes a few seconds for me compose myself enough to speak. “I’m a huge fan. It’s great to meet you, Mr. LeRoth.”

				He smiles broadly and reaches out to shake my hand. “Please, call me Jace,” he says. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Melanie.”

				“I love your music,” I gush, then try to calm myself and sound as grounded and laid-back as he is. “Your voice is incredible and your lyrics are positive and insightful. They always lift my spirits.”

				“Then I’ve accomplished my intention. I want to make music that’ll touch listeners in some way and bring joy into their lives. I hope it’s done that for you.” He nods toward Raine.

				Poor Raine, I’ve practically forgotten he’s standing here. I grab his hand and kiss him. “This is amazing. Best surprise ever. Thank you.”

				Raine smiles. “Good. That’s exactly what I was going for.” He kisses the back of my hand then turns his attention to Jace. “Thanks for taking the time to see us before the show. We really appreciate it. I know you’re busy, so we’ll get out of here. We look forward to the show tonight.”

				“You got it, man.” Jace shakes Raine’s hand firmly and slaps him on the shoulder. “It’s good to see you again.” Jace turns to me and grasps my hand. “You got a good guy here.” He jerks his thumb in Raine’s direction. “Take good care of him.”

				I look at Raine and smile. “I will.”

				Raine ushers me out of the door. The burly security guard with arms the size of Amtrak train cars, a gleaming bald head and a variety of interesting tattoos moves aside to let us out the door. He checks his watch, perhaps to see if we’ve broken his five-minute mandate. Apparently we’re safe, because he doesn’t say anything.

				Once we’re down the hall and no one else is in sight, I push Raine against the wall and give him a long, hard kiss. “This is amazing. You came all the way out here to see me and now this.”

				Raine traces my cheekbone gently with his thumb. “I had to impress you so you’d invite me back. Is it working?”

				“Too well,” I admit. “I’m really glad you came.”

				“You’re not just saying that because I got you backstage to meet Jace LeRoth, are you?” He smiles.

				“Of course not.” I poke him in the arm. “I’m saying it because it’s true. You’re thoughtful and sweet. Of course, your ability to snag backstage passes to a Jace LeRoth concert has certainly helped to illuminate your finer points.” A wide grin spreads across my face. He laughs. “How do you know Jace anyway?” I slip my arm through his as we head toward the main auditorium.

				“Jace was one of the performers at the initial benefit concert for Focused for Life six years ago. He’s a big supporter of the program, so we keep in touch.”

				“You didn’t think to mention this before?” I nudge him.

				“That would’ve made my surprise decidedly less dramatic.” He laughs. “Besides, I’d have missed seeing the way your face lit up in there.”

				I stop and turn to him. “You mean the way it is right now?”

				He places his hands gently on my arms and pulls me toward him. “Just like that.”

				When he kisses me, my heart does a little dance.

				* * *

				Jace’s show begins with one of my favorite songs, “The Meaning of You.” I squeal like a tween at a Jonas Brothers concert, yet I’m more laid-back than I’ve been in months—maybe years. I’m not sure what’s having the largest impact on this feeling of floating: being with Raine, Jace’s sultry voice and sexy, philosophical lyrics or the contact high I’m getting off the pervasive haze rising from the crowd.

				Whatever the reason, I’m happy and feel freer than I have in years. A girl could get used to this.

				The throng of fans standing in front of the stage is pressed together. Raine is behind me with his arm around my waist. We rock in time, dancing to the sounds of Jace’s melodic voice and his soulful band. The entire crowd seems to sway in time with us.

				Jace encourages the crowd to sing along as he sings “You’re the Only Reason.” My singing is awful, but I join in anyway, something I’ve never done on a concert date before. Tonight I don’t care. I’m in the moment. Enjoying every minute. Connecting with the music. In sync with Raine.

				* * *

				After the show, we take another cab to the Wine Bar in Rocky River. Too bad it’s winter. There’s a beautiful patio where customers can sit outside and eat.

				The restaurant isn’t super-expensive but certainly pricier than eating at a chain restaurant. I bite my lip, considering how to approach this. Raine has spent enough money on this weekend. He works for a nonprofit, for God’s sake. He’s already shelled out money for airfare and Jace LeRoth tickets. Plus, he managed to score backstage passes. I can’t let him spend another hundred dollars for dinner.

				“Raine, tonight has been truly amazing.”

				He puts down his menu and folds his hands. “But...”

				I think for a moment, picking up my wineglass and sipping slowly, stalling for time and another way to approach this. A way that won’t make him feel his manhood is under attack. “No buts.” I smile sweetly. “Just eternal gratitude. I needed a night like this. To get away from work for one wonderful weekend.”

				Raine’s smile is guarded. “I’m glad you’re enjoying it, but the night isn’t over. Hopefully you’ll have a lot more to be grateful for by the time we get back to your place.” He winks at me mischievously.

				I roll my eyes but can’t help but laugh. “We’ll see about that.” I refocus, still smiling. “I really want to thank you for such a memorable evening. Let me buy dinner. It’s the least I can do. I insist.”

				Raine smirks. “Afraid we’ll end up washing dishes to pay for our meal tonight?”

				My cheeks grow warm. I bite my lip and look away.

				Raine laughs. He’s getting a kick out of this.

				“Of course not. But you’ve done so much already. It’s only fair.”

				“Would it make you feel better if I told you I was a trust fund baby and the cost of this weekend is inconsequential?”

				“Very funny,” I say. “And this isn’t about the money...”

				He raises an eyebrow, sitting back in his chair and folding his arms across his chest.

				“Okay, it is about the money. I don’t want you to end up paying for this weekend for the next ten to twenty years.”

				Raine chuckles and leans in closer. “God, you’re cute when you’re determined.” He raises his eyebrow. The corner of his mouth is turned up in a smirk that makes me want to scale the table and dip my tongue into it.

				“C’mon, don’t laugh. I’m trying to be serious here.”

				“I’m sorry.” Raine reaches across the table and squeezes my hand. “I know you’re trying to be considerate and I appreciate the gesture.”

				My shoulders relax. “So, you’ll let me pick up the tab for dinner?”

				Raine peers at me intently. He lifts my hand to his lips and gently kisses the back of it. “Absolutely...not. I’ve got this. I wouldn’t have come here if I couldn’t afford it.”

				I open my mouth to object, but he cuts me off.

				“End of discussion.” He squeezes my hand. “Now, I’m starving. How about we order?”

				“Okay.” I look at the menu, trying to ignore the prices. “Grilled pork chop with caramelized apples.”

				He smiles. “Then I guess we’re ready.”

				The server approaches our table, takes our orders and refills our water glasses. Later she brings out our pesto, provolone, andouille and goat cheese fat bread. It’s delicious. I can feel my waistline expanding a little with each nibble, but tonight I don’t care. Tonight is perfect.

				We laugh and talk over dinner. I watch him intently as he speaks, noticing how much of our conversation is conveyed through things we can’t hear over the phone. Body language. A raise of the eyebrows. Opening the mouth to say something but thinking better of it. Shrugging the shoulders. Hand gestures. He’s not even gone yet and already I miss him like crazy. It’s suddenly very clear to me that Raine has become an important part of my life. If only nights like this could be routine, not a rarity.

				I reach across the table and take his hand in mine. “I’m glad you’re here,” I say. “That you didn’t listen to me.”

				He picks up his cell phone and holds it out toward me. “Can you say that again, this time into the microphone?”

				The corners of my mouth lift in an involuntary smile, but I’m sure that the heaviness in my chest—at the thought of him leaving again—is reflected in my eyes. “Tonight was perfect,” I say, the words getting caught in the back of my throat. “Thank you. For everything. I wish you didn’t have to go home on Monday.”

				Raines squeezes my hand and deepens his warm smile. “Hey, don’t get all gloomy on me. That’ll definitely put a damper on my plans for later.” He raises his eyebrow maniacally and I snicker in response. “Besides, we’ve got two whole days to spend together. And by Sunday you’ll be ready to send me packing.”

				I poke my bottom lip out, releasing his hand. “Why? For being annoyingly perfect?”

				“Not true.” He holds up a finger. “I’m a horrible cover hog, as you’ve probably already noticed, and I don’t always remember to put the toilet seat down.”

				I giggle. “You’re a cover hog because you’re a fitful sleeper, you toss and turn all night.”

				There’s a momentary flash of sadness in his eyes. But then he smiles again. “So let’s not think about how much we’ll miss each other on Monday until it actually comes.” His voice is as warm and comforting as a cozy sweater.

				“Let’s not.” I lean across the table and whisper, “Let’s go back to my place instead.”

				He waves his hand in the direction of our server. “Check please.”

				In the back of the cab we can’t keep our hands off each other. It starts with a simple kiss, but the romantic evening and the bottle of wine we drank at the restaurant propel us forward. We manage to keep our clothes on, mostly.

				Once we’re through the doors of the condo, we’re glued to each other. Hands searching, removing stubborn articles of clothing. Mouths exploring each other. Lips kissing their way along warm flesh filled with heat and electricity.

				Afterward we cuddle under a throw blanket on my sofa. Laughing, kissing, touching. Making up for lost time. We attempt to satiate ourselves until we can be together again.

				That night we lie in bed, our limbs entwined. He drifts off to sleep, but my heart is still racing. A million thoughts keep me awake. I press my ear against his chest. I find comfort in its rise and fall beneath me. Snuggling against him, I bring my breath in sync with his. I will remember it when I am here alone, trying to recollect how he felt, smelled, tasted.





		 			 				Chapter Nineteen

				Saturday afternoon we venture out. Raine wants to see the Cleveland Museum of Art, one of my favorite spots in town. I did two internships here while I got my undergraduate degree in art history and museum studies at nearby Case Western Reserve University.

				I was practically a fixture. When I wasn’t working, I’d roam the galleries, revisiting favorite sculptures and admiring the collection of Impressionist art. Paintings by Monet, Renoir and Mary Cassat. Sometimes I’d sketch pieces from the impressive collection of Asian art, including a terra-cotta warrior more than two thousand years old.

				In the summer I’d sit in the courtyard and do my homework. Occasionally I’d grab a bite from the overpriced café. As long as I was here, I was happy. Being back at the museum feels like coming home.

				It’s my first time seeing the place since the most recent renovation. I’m glad the older portion, dating back to 1916, wasn’t torn down. Instead, the original building serves as the crown jewel to the modern additions. The newer glass and steel portion, with its expansive, light-filled atrium, gives the museum a modern feel, the shine and polish visitors expect.

				“What a great old building,” Raine says as we approach the front of the gleaming white marble structure. A reproduction of Rodin’s The Thinker greets us in the courtyard.

				“It is a great old building.” I grin like a mother showing off baby pictures.

				We climb the stairs and enter the front door of the 1916 Building, which leads us into the Court of Armor. Glass cases along the wall are filled with full-body armor, enormous swords and coats of mail.

				Next we visit Portrait of Isabella Brant by Peter Paul Rubens—a favorite painting of mine. I show Raine a magnificent furniture piece, a huge oak wardrobe with ebony and rosewood veneers from seventeenth-century Holland. The wardrobe’s veneers are laid out using a complicated mathematical system. It’s breathtaking.

				He holds me closer, our cheeks flushed as we stand in front of Jacques Louis David’s enormous painting of Cupid and Psyche lying naked in an elaborate bed, basking in the afterglow of their lovemaking.

				Raine kisses the side of my face and whispers in my ear, “I know how that guy feels.”

				Before I can tell him I know how Psyche feels, too, I’m interrupted by a familiar voice.

				“Melanie!”

				My spine stiffens. There are times when my mother’s voice echoes in my head. It stopped me from going to third base on several occasions in high school. But it’s never quite this vivid.

				“Melanie!”

				Raine and I both stop to look at the woman quickly approaching.

				It’s my mother!

				Mimi tries to keep up, laden with her huge purse and the boys’ jackets. Mickey and Dusty are nowhere in sight.

				“Mom? Mimi? What are you doing here?”

				“We actually came to see the art.” Mom grins and winks at me as she leans in to give me a hug. “Who’s your handsome friend?”

				I take a deep breath. I’m not prepared for this, introducing Raine to my mother. Should I call him my boyfriend? “Mom, I’d like you to meet Raine Mason. He’s...a friend of mine.” I give him a look that begs forgiveness in advance for anything inappropriate my mother might say. “Raine, this is my mother, Ellie Gordon.”

				She rakes her fingers through her hair and stands a bit straighter.

				“Mrs. Gordon, it’s a pleasure to finally meet you. I’ve heard a lot about your magnificent cooking.” He extends his hand.

				A wide grin spreads across her face. She slips her hand into his. “Well, it’s certainly a pleasure to meet you, Raine. Though I’m at a disadvantage. You’re apparently my daughter’s best-kept secret. She hasn’t breathed a word to us about you.”

				Mom glances back at Mimi. My sister looks as guilty now as she did when she was seven and she’d denied stealing my mother’s makeup with pink-stained lips and clown-red cheeks.

				“Well, she hasn’t breathed a word to me, at least,” Mom continues. “I have no idea why she’d be hiding such a handsome, polite young man from her mother.” She raises an eyebrow at me.

				I rub my forehead, wishing it were a genie lamp that would grant my wish to have never left the condo this morning. “I haven’t been hiding him, Mom. Raine lives in San Francisco.”

				Her smile widens. “You came here, all the way from San Francisco, to see my Melanie? You two sound like more than just friends.” She pokes me in the side with her elbow.

				I cough. Mimi stares, wide-eyed.

				“We are more than just friends,” Raine says sheepishly. He seems to feel the need to explain to my mother why he was draped all over me a moment ago. “I’ve been trying my best to convince your beautiful daughter to be my girlfriend.”

				“My daughter is a little gun-shy and a bit of a workaholic. But keep working on her.” She speaks to him in a loud whisper behind her open hand, as if only he can hear her.

				“Mom!” Mimi says sharply.

				Raine is clearly amused.

				“Raine, this is my sister, Michele.”

				Mimi shifts her purse and the boys’ coats to her left arm and extends her right hand to him. He shakes her hand.

				“Good to meet you.” He smiles. “Melanie’s told me so much about you and your boys.”

				She smiles approvingly. “Nice to meet you, too.”

				“How long will you be in town, Raine?” I can see the plot brewing in my mother’s head.

				“Just for the weekend. I flew in on Thursday evening to surprise Melanie. I leave Monday morning.”

				“Melanie, you should’ve brought Raine over to the house. I could’ve kept him company on Friday while you were at work, shown him around town.”

				“Maybe next time I’m in town.” He beams at her.

				Mom smiles then elbows me again. “What a darling!” She looks at me as if I’ve just won the lottery. “Raine, you have to join us for dinner tomorrow. You were going to bring him to dinner, weren’t you?” My mother looks at me accusingly.

				I clear my throat. “Actually, I was thinking...since Raine’s only here for a few days...”

				“Look, I don’t blame you for wanting to spend the weekend shut in with this one.” She jerks her thumb toward Raine and bares her teeth at him in a flirtatious grin I’ve never seen my mother use before and hope never to see again. “But you’ve gotta come up for air sometime and you two have to eat. I’m guessing there’s only an assortment of condiments in your refrigerator.”

				My cheeks flush. My head throbs. I bury my forehead in my hand.

				Raine can’t hold back anymore. His entire body convulses in a raspy chuckle as he drapes an arm around me. “I’d love to come to dinner.” Raine flashes that irresistible grin at my mother and I’m pretty sure I see her swoon. “But I know Melanie has a lot planned for me this weekend.” Mom looks at me as if to say, “I’ll bet she does” and it seriously makes me throw up in my mouth a little. “How about if we promise to get back to you with an answer by the end of the day?”

				“Fabulous!” Mom can barely contain her excitement at the possibility. She squeezes Raine’s hand and kisses me on the cheek. I breathe a sigh of relief, thankful for the reprieve.

				“Are you two just getting here?” Mimi asks. She blushes when she finally notices we’re standing in front of Cupid and Psyche.

				“We’ve been here for a while, exploring the original building. We’re about to make our way to the new galleries.” I try to regain my composure. “What about you guys?”

				“I took your advice and enrolled Mickey and Dusty in the art classes here. We decided to stay and explore the museum while they’re in class, maybe grab lunch at the café.”

				“Lunch! That’s an excellent idea.” My mother claps her hands together. “Why don’t we all go for lunch at the café? That’ll give us a chance to get to know each other.”

				I glance at Raine. He seems about as eager as my mother does. “Fine,” I say. “We’ll do lunch.”

				“Great,” Mom says, “that’ll give me plenty of time to talk you two into coming to dinner.”

				Before I can object, Raine has already extended his free arm to my mother. “I’m starving, Mrs. Gordon. Lead the way.”

				Mom grabs Raine’s elbow. “Call me Ellie,” she drawls like a Southern belle, which she is not. She was born, raised and has always lived in the Midwest.

				“Yes, ma’am, Ellie.” Raine flashes that damn adorable grin.

				I want to protest, to tell her he’s mine. I want to spend the weekend with him. Alone. But there’s no use fighting it. All I can do is prepare myself for an hour of uncomfortable questions. Questions I can’t answer.

				“Why don’t I meet you guys in the café?” I say. “I’m going to the restroom.”

				“I’ll go with you,” Mimi says.

				My mother grins. The thought of having Raine to herself to poke and question is a delicious prospect she hadn’t anticipated.

				Mimi and I make a beeline for the bathroom in silence. Finally, when we’re at the sinks washing our hands, she says, “C’mon, Melanie. I know you have something to say.”

				I look at her reflection in the mirror and sigh. “What do you want me to say?”

				“You should’ve told me he was here this weekend,” she scolds. “I’ve been dying to meet him.”

				“That’s the point. I didn’t want anyone to know.” I turn the dryer on with my elbow. “I mean, what would you have said if I’d told you he was here this weekend?”

				“I would’ve insisted you bring him over so we could meet him.” She turns on the dryer next to me.

				“Exactly. And we aren’t at the ‘meet the parents’ stage in our relationship.”

				“I knew this was a lot more serious than you’ve been letting on.” Mimi tries to hold back a smile. “You guys were practically making out in front of the most erotic piece of art in the museum.”

				I shoot her a look. “We weren’t making out. We were just... Look, the point is I don’t know what we are right now. But for the first time I feel like I want this to be...more. He flew all this way to surprise me. He got backstage passes to the Jace LeRoth concert because he remembered that I’d said maybe a year ago I’d love to see him in concert. Then we had the most amazing dinner last night.”

				I stand against the wall and wait for Mimi to finish.

				“Are you shitting me? Marcus and I have been together for seven years, and he never remembers anything I tell him I want.” Mimi grabs the kids’ coats and her purse, which she wedged between her knees to keep them off the bathroom floor. “This guy has it bad for you.”

				I frown, crossing my arms.

				“What? That’s a good thing, isn’t it?”

				I bite my lip and nod. “Yes, of course. And I adore him, I do. But what did Dad always say?”

				“If it seems too good to be true, it probably is,” we echo in unison.

				“I know, I know.” She grabs my arm, and we walk out of the ladies’ room, toward the café. “I’m not saying he’s perfect. But maybe, just maybe, he’s the perfect guy for you.”

				I look at her, holding my breath, a question mark emblazoned in my furrowed brows. “You really think so?”

				She smiles. “I saw the way he looked at you, Melanie. I think he’s—”

				“Don’t say it.” I hold up one hand. “I’m definitely not ready for that.”

				* * *

				After lunch, which goes well thanks to Mom being on relatively good behavior, Raine and I finish our tour of the museum then head back to my place.

				We enter the lobby of my building and step onto the elevator. As soon as the doors close, Raine leans into me. He glides his hands underneath the lapel of my red wool jacket and lays them gently on my neck. They’re freezing. I shiver, yet I’m filled with an intense, growing heat.

				Raine kisses my forehead, my eyelids, my nose then either side of my mouth. I squirm, anticipating the next kiss. I wrap my arms around his waist, pulling him into me. I’m lost in his delicious kisses. Our tongues dart in and out, playing tag. I can barely wait until we’re safely inside the condo, doors locked, blinds closed.

				The elevator door slides open. Raine grabs my hand, and we hurry out of the elevator, laughing, eager to get on the other side of the door.

				I freeze in my tracks, like a spider that’s been spotted on a white wall. Raine, still holding my hand, comes to an abrupt stop, too.

				“What’s the matter?” He studies the look of concern on my face.

				“Hello, Melanie.” Jaxson, who’s standing in front of my door, offers a spastic wave. His six-foot frame appears smaller. A streak of crimson crawls up the sides of his face.

				“Jaxson, what are you doing here?” He’s never been beyond the first-floor lobby. Why today, of all days, has he ventured to my front door, uninvited? “Did we have an appointment?”

				“No, we didn’t.” He takes a few steps away from the door. “I just...I scored a couple of tickets for the game against Boston tomorrow. You said you’ve never seen them play, so I thought you’d want the extra ticket.”

				“You should go, babe.” Raine squeezes my hand. It’s the first time I’m conscious of his presence since seeing Jaxson at my front door. “I’ll be okay here.”

				I manage a smile and squeeze his hand back. “Raine Mason, I’d like you to meet Jaxson Payne. Jaxson is a friend of mine from high school. He’s been helping me meet new business contacts.”

				Raine lets go of my hand and steps forward to give Jax a firm, mine-is-bigger-than-yours handshake.

				“Jaxson, this is Raine Mason, my boyfriend.” There’s no question in my mind as to how to introduce Raine to Jax. I say the word boyfriend with no hesitation, no wavering, no doubts. “He flew in from San Francisco for the weekend to surprise me.”

				Raine puts his arm around my waist, creating a wall of solidarity. We both seem to enjoy the tortured expression on Jaxson’s face.

				“Wow, good for you, Mel. You guys look great together.” He straightens his collar and sniffs loudly. “I’m happy for you, kid.”

				“Thanks.” I smile sweetly, allowing Raine to guide me to the front door. Raine pulls out his key ring and opens the door with the spare key I loaned him. The gesture isn’t lost on Jaxson, who edges a few more steps backward.

				“Well, that’s it. That’s all I wanted, but I can see you guys are busy.” Jaxson swallows hard. No doubt a mental image of what Raine and I will be busy doing has just popped into his head. “Hey, why don’t you and Raine go to the game? It starts tomorrow at three.” He shoves the envelope into my hands.

				“Jaxson, I can’t take these...”

				“I insist.” His usually million-watt smile is dimmer than a twenty-watt bulb. The sadness behind it tugs at my heart a little. “My daughters have been begging me to go to Chuck E. Cheese’s. Tomorrow, I think we will. They’ll love that.”

				“Thanks, man, that’s really generous of you.” Raine smiles broadly and nods toward Jax. “Enjoy your family.”

				Jaxson nods silently, turns on his heels and waves good-bye. I close the door behind us, the tickets still in my hand.

				“We don’t have to do this, Raine. You’re only here for a few days, and my mother has already shanghaied us for dinner tomorrow. I can see Boston play some other time.” I toss the tickets on the entry hall table and slip out of my coat.

				Raine folds his coat over the chair and approaches me. He lifts my chin, gently, until I’m standing upright. He kisses me softly. “I want to go,” he manages between kisses.

				“Really?”

				“Really.” He trails kisses down my neck.

				“Well, if you really want to go...”

				“I do.”

				“Then we’ll go. But only because you want to.”

				Raine laughs then kisses me once more.

				He stands back against the opposite wall and watches at me for a moment, an uneasy expression perched on his striking face. I can see the gears turning in his brain. I shift my weight from my right foot to my left, fold my arms across my chest and wait.

				“I’m not seeing anyone else,” I say finally.

				Relief washes over his face. “I know you said you want to take it slow. No commitments, no obligations. I agreed. So, if—”

				“Raine,” I say, then lower my voice, not wanting to sound defensive. After all, I haven’t done anything wrong. “Jaxson is one of my clients and an old friend from high school. He’s helped me land several new accounts since I’ve been here, but we are not seeing each other.”

				“But you were.” It isn’t a question.

				“We were.” I try not to show my surprise. “But that was a lifetime ago.”

				Raine nods as he slowly closes the gap between us in the narrow entry hall. He stands in front of me and takes my hands. “If you say you’re just friends, I believe you. But if you weren’t, you know you could just tell me, right?”

				I take his face gently in my palms. He forgot to pack his razor, and I can feel the stubbly new growth on his skin. I look deeply into the soft gray eyes that seem so transparent. “I know I could, and I know that’s what we agreed to, but I don’t want that anymore. I want you.” I kiss him. “Only you.”

				He nods, his forehead against mine. “Me, too.” He bends down, slowly unzips my left boot then slides it off my foot. He unzips the right boot and removes it, too.

				Raine stands, pressing me against the wall. His thumbs trace my cheekbones. Each stroke on my skin sends electricity down my spine, awakening every nerve ending in my body. Some more than others.

				I can barely breathe and it feels like my heart is beating double time. My gaze locks with his. I bite my lower lip then take a deep breath, my lips parting slightly.

				He leans in to kiss me. My body melts into his. Still, I want him even closer. I wrap my arms around his waist and lean into him, closing the sliver of daylight that remains between us. I can feel him, hard, against me.

				Tugging his shirt out of his jeans, I slide my hands underneath it. He raises his arms to allow me to pull the shirt over his head and toss it on the floor. I gently trace the large tattoo on his right arm with my fingertips. The colors are so vibrant on his caramel-colored skin. The sword is nearly the length of his arm, between his shoulder and elbow. A bright red rose is in the center of the hilt. Thick, thorny green vines snake around the blade.

				He slides my blouse over my head and tosses it onto the floor. Then he unhooks my bra and slides it off as he trails kisses down my neck and shoulder. He presses his bare chest against mine as he finds my mouth and kisses me again.

				My fingertips sink into his skin as I glide my hands up his back.

				Raine breaks our kiss and places his hands on my left breast. His open mouth hovers just above my taut nipple as he blows a steady stream of warm air, heightening my senses. I arch my back in response. He places his hand underneath my breast and teases it with his tongue as I grip his shoulders so tightly my fingers leave red marks.

				He unzips my pants and slides them down, pushing them off with his foot. He shifts aside my already dampened panties and slides his finger gently inside of me. I moan softly, moving against him, encouraging him to explore further.

				Impatiently I unhook his belt and unzip his jeans. He helps me slide them off then kicks them away. When he slides his underwear off, I shimmy out of mine.

				As he kisses me again, my hands drop lower, tracing the distinctive scar on the side of his hip.

				He grips my waist and lifts me higher against the wall. I wrap my legs around him, and he braces them with his muscular arms. Now his strong hands are planted firmly on my ass, squeezing the flesh and pulling me toward him as he slowly inches inside me.

				I ride the length of his shaft, coated with my slickness. A muffled moan escapes my lips. I press my shoulders into the wall, forcing him deeper inside of me. He uses his arms to lift my legs higher then thrusts deeply.

				“Ohhhh... Ohh...shit!” I dig my fingers into the flesh of his back. “Yes. Right there. Like that.”

				He grins like he’s just won a prize. Crushing his mouth on mine, his tongue darts between my lips. Its motion mimics the intensity of our lovemaking.

				Our movement is rhythmic, graceful, beautiful. Like a sensual dance. And it feels so damned good. Like another stroke will send me over the edge. I want it, need it.

				I’m fucking gone, trembling, moaning and completely overwhelmed by an intense pleasure that surges from the crown of my head, through my core and into my curled toes.

				An intense, guttural growl signals that Raine is reaching his crescendo, punctuated by the pulsing of his cock inside me.

				I lean back against the wall in a slightly dazed euphoria. He collapses against me, warm and sweaty, as I ease my feet down to the floor. We both try to catch our breath. I sigh contentedly. Back-against-the-wall sex just may be the best position ever. Nothing can bring me down from this high.

				He leans his head against mine, his lips brushing my earlobes when he says, “I love you.”

				Oh, shit.





		 			 				Chapter Twenty

				I do not acknowledge those three little words. Not when he said them last night. Not over breakfast this morning. Not as we trudged through the snow to The Q—Cleveland’s basketball arena.

				There is no awkwardness between us. Just avoidance and pretending. I avoid acknowledging Raine said he loves me by pretending I didn’t hear it. He pretends my avoidance doesn’t bother him. Everything else remains the same. There’s the same lightness and affection between us. The same intense heat. We’ve been intimate since he uttered those words. Thankfully, he hasn’t said them again.

				At the game we buy overpriced, but delicious, nachos, beer and Italian sausages. We enjoy the game.

				Afterward we drive to Mom’s house and park at the edge of the driveway. My feet grow heavier with each step as we make our way to the front door. Raine’s mood is light and happy. He’s genuinely excited to meet the rest of the Gordon clan. I’m sweating bullets underneath my blue parka.

				We climb the front steps. I stand there, my hand balled into a fist, frozen in midair, inches from the door. I turn to him.

				“Listen, I appreciate you agreeing to meet my family,” I say. “But my mom totally pressured you into it. If you don’t feel like it, we can get right back in the car and go home. Just spend a nice, quiet evening together.”

				“If you’re asking me if I’d like to have dinner with your family, the answer is yes, I do. If you’re not ready for—”

				“That’s not what I’m saying.” I squeeze the bridge of my nose and sigh. “I haven’t brought anyone to family dinner in a really long time and—”

				Raine silences me with a kiss. “It’ll be fine.” A smirk curls the corner of his mouth. “I’ve had all my shots and I’m completely housebroken. I swear.”

				“Aha, I see. Guess who’s coming to dinner? It’s Mr. Smart-Ass.” I poke his chest with my index finger, trying to repress a grin. “Fine. Dinner with the Gordons it is. But when you leave here a bitter, broken, bleeding man, don’t say I didn’t warn you.”

				“Duly noted.”

				Raine rings the doorbell. The front door swings open, and a gust of warm, delicious air rushes out to meet us. My mother has gone all out today. The smell of ham, greens, sweet potatoes, her famous scalloped potatoes and a fruit pie of some sort waft through the air.

				“Raine, Melanie!” My mother looks gorgeous in a pair of casual black slacks and a cream-colored Liz Claiborne sweater twinset. Her hair is down in soft curls framing her face. She’s wearing full makeup and the perfume we bought her for Mother’s Day two years ago. If it weren’t for the soft, fluffy, pink house shoes, I’d think she was on her way to an office somewhere. “I’m glad you could make it!” She leans in and gives me a warm kiss on the cheek before giving Raine a hug. “Let me take your coats and shoes. Raine, you’ll find a couple of pair of slippers by the door. I’m sure one of them will fit you.”

				“Thank you, Mrs. Gordon.” Raine sits on the bench in the entry hall to remove his shoes. “Everything smells good. I hope we didn’t miss dinner. Melanie says you’re a fantastic cook.”

				My mother puts her hand to her cheek and smiles. “I’m not Paula Deen or anything. I just like to cook and I’ve been doing it for a very long time.” She laughs.

				I pull my shearling boots off, push them into the corner and sink my feet into the cozy pair of slippers Mom bought to replace my old ones.

				“Come on in when you’re ready.” Mom hangs our coats in the front closet then heads back to the kitchen.

				“So, are you ready for this?” I whisper to him.

				“You act like I’m going to be tortured or something.”

				“Some might call it that,” I say, no hint of joking in my voice or expression. He looks a little worried. I laugh. “Okay, I’m just kidding. Kinda.”

				“Am I ready to meet my girlfriend’s family? You bet I am.”

				Something in his voice chokes me up a little. I open my hand and he places his inside it.

				We step into the living room, where Mimi and Marcus are sitting on the couch in front of the television. Mickey and Dusty are playing with a jumble of Tonka trucks on the floor. They crash each other’s cars loudly, narrowly avoiding smashed digits. Then they sprawl out on the floor, laughing.

				“Hi, guys,” I say once things have simmered down a bit. “Sorry we missed dinner. I got last-minute tickets for the game.”

				“We know.” Mimi smiles. “That’s why we waited. Mom insisted on not eating until you guys got here.”

				“I’m so sorry. You weren’t supposed to wait for us, I told her we’d drop by for dessert.”

				“You know Mom’s policy,” Mimi says. “No belly left behind.”

				“And I’m starving!” Mickey declares, standing and crossing the room toward us. He wraps his arms around my legs. “I’m glad you’re here, Auntie Melanie!”

				I hug him back. “I’m glad we’re here, too.” I lean down to rub his stomach. “Please apologize to your tummy for my lateness.”

				Mickey giggles. He steps back and points up at Raine. “Who’s he?”

				“A very good friend of mine. His name is Raine.”

				Dusty walks over to us. “He’s not your friend, he’s your boyfriend.” Saying the word cracks Dusty up. Mickey, however, is not amused. He looks at Raine suspiciously.

				Raine waves and squirms under the condemning gaze of my four-year-old nephew.

				“You’re right,” I say. “Raine is my boyfriend. And he came here to see me this weekend. All the way from San Francisco, where I used to live.”

				“You took an air-o-plane?” This excites Mickey enough to ease his misgivings about the stranger who’s his auntie’s new boyfriend. “Woooooow! When I get bigger I’m gonna get on an air-o-plane, too. I’m gonna even drive the air-o-plane. I’m gonna drive it just like this...” He buzzes around the room, his arms spread, making what presumably are airplane sounds to a four-year-old boy who’s never been on one.

				Dusty joins him, and they buzz around the room.

				My brother-in-law approaches us. “I’m Marcus, Mimi’s husband. These are my boys.”

				“Great to meet you.” Raine shakes his hand firmly. “You have a beautiful family. You’re a lucky man.”

				“I am.” He nods, looking back at Mimi. She smiles. “So, can I get you a beer or something, man?”

				Mimi raises an eyebrow. She’s probably wondering why Marcus never offers to get her anything.

				“I’m good,” Raine says. “Thanks.”

				Mimi crosses the room and shakes Raine’s hand. “It’s good to see you again.”

				“You, too, Michele.” He shakes her hand warmly.

				“Dinner will be ready in a few minutes, so go ahead and get washed up for dinner!” my mother calls to us from the kitchen.

				“Where’s Jamie?” I ask.

				“She and Miles ran to the store to get some ice cream for dessert. They should be back any minute.” Mimi reaches down to rake her fingers through Dusty’s ruffled head of hair. She sticks her thumb in her mouth then smooths down a few hairs.

				“Ewwww!” Mickey squeals. “That’s unsan-ary.”

				“Unsanitary,” Marcus corrects him, laughing. “And you’re right.” He looks over at Mimi, who’s giving him the stink eye. “Except when mommies do it. Then it’s okay.”

				“I’ll show you where the bathroom is,” I say to Raine.

				“I gotta go to the bathroom!” Dusty says suddenly. “I gotta go real bad!” He makes a dash for the guest bathroom—my father’s last remodeling project.

				“Sorry,” Mimi says. “He gets so distracted when he’s playing. He waits until the last possible minute.”

				“It’s okay,” I tell her. “We’ll go upstairs.”

				We climb the narrow stairs that are the reason my mother could never have the king-sized bed she wanted. I take Raine to the main bathroom, where we wash our hands for dinner. On the way back we pass my bedroom. The door is slightly ajar. One of the boys has likely been in there again.

				Raine peers inside. “Was this your room when you were growing up?”

				I nod. “What tipped you off, the New Edition posters?”

				“Yeah, that and the periwinkle blue.” He laughs. “Do you mind if I take a look inside?”

				I furrow my brows. It’s like someone asking to peek inside your medicine cabinet. But since Raine has seen parts of my body that even I haven’t seen, I figure there couldn’t possibly be anything in my old bedroom more personal than that. I shrug. “Sure.”

				He slowly cracks the door open and surveys the space for a moment before crossing the threshold. He looks around like he’s in a museum studying artifacts left behind by a mysterious ancient people. He runs his hand across the white writing table then across a photo album on the desk. “May I?”

				I nod and plop down on my old twin bed, evaluating whether there is anything incriminating that I don’t want him to see.

				He thumbs through the small photo album filled with pictures of family, friends and neighbors. He glances up. A smile is perched on his lips, but sadness has crept into his eyes.

				“What is it?” I ask.

				“You look like you were all frozen in one happy moment. It’s beautiful.”

				“We were. Happy, I mean. I had a wonderful childhood. I wouldn’t trade it for the world. There are so many great memories of me, my sister and Jamie. Of my dad and me. And Mom...we didn’t always agree, but she was there whenever I needed her.”

				“Sounds like you were a lucky kid.” Raine places the photo album back on the desk and sits beside me on the bed. “Not every kid gets to be that lucky.”

				“I know.” I squeeze his hand. “You don’t talk much about your childhood. What was it like when you were growing up?”

				Raine cringes then forces a smile. “You know I have two sisters and a brother. When I was little, my family didn’t have very much, but we were all really close. Things changed as I got older. We had just about anything we ever wanted, but things were...different.”

				There’s a faraway look in his eyes. I want to ask more, but I’m afraid of stirring up bad memories. Raine is open to just about every other topic, but he’s cryptic when he talks about his family. I never force the issue. I know he’ll talk when he’s ready.

				“You mention your sisters a lot. Are you close to the rest of your family?”

				“Sometimes too close.” A smirk crosses his lips. The stormy look that was there a few moments ago is replaced by his patented smile. “I connect with my parents once or twice a week. I talk to my siblings a little more often.”

				“That’s good, right?”

				“Most days it is.” Raine tucks a few strands of hair behind my ear and leans in to kiss me. It’s a sweet, soft kiss, our lips barely touching. Then he kisses me again. This time he slides his tongue between my lips and presses his mouth firmly against mine.

				Suddenly my bedroom door swings open, and Jamie’s standing in the doorway, her arms folded across her chest, a glint in her eye. “Found ’em!” she calls over her shoulder then turns back to me. “We’re downstairs starving, and you’re up here getting busy.”

				“Jamie!” I snap.

				She grins.

				Raine stands and extends a hand. “Hi, Jamie, it’s great to finally meet you.”

				“You, too, Richard Gere.” She winks at me conspiratorially.

				Raine looks puzzled. I cover my face and shake my head.

				“Now enough with the make-out session. I’m starving, already.”

				We follow her down the stairs and into the dining room. The table is already set, and the boys are holding their forks and spoons like they’re ready to start a prison riot.

				“Yay!” Mickey and Dusty shout. “Now we can finally eat!”

				“We do not shout at the dinner table, boys.” My mother’s voice is sweet, but firm. “You two act like you haven’t eaten all day. I gave you both a sandwich to tide you over. You can wait a couple of minutes for your auntie and Raine to get settled.”

				“Yes, Gigi,” they say in unison. Their big, brown eyes drip with apology.

				“Is there anything I can do to help?” Raine asks as he pulls out my chair.

				“Well, aren’t you a dear?” My mother smiles widely. “Yes, you can help me bring the rest of the food out. C’mon in here.”

				Raine heads into the kitchen with my mother. I don’t like that she’s found a way to separate us so early. I know her game. It’s the same divide-and-conquer method she used on us as kids. Come to think of it, she still uses it now.

				My gaze follows him to the kitchen until he disappears on the other side of the door. I strain to hear their conversation, all of the inappropriate questions my mother is likely asking him. About his job, his family, any possible communicable diseases.

				He bursts back through the swinging door, laughing. He’s carrying a huge casserole dish of sweet potatoes topped with gooey marshmallows. My mother’s carrying a pan of dinner rolls in one hand and a dish of green beans in the other. They place the food on the table and head back in the kitchen.

				“Mom, if you need some help I can help bring the rest of the food in,” I say.

				“Relax, Melanie. The boys and I have things under control.”

				Miles, Jamie’s boyfriend, comes through the door with a huge bowl of salad in one hand and two bottles of salad dressing in the other. He puts everything on the table and looks around. “Hey, Mel.” Miles leans down to kiss my cheek. “How was the game?”

				“We kicked Boston’s ass—”

				“Melanie!” Mimi covers Dusty’s ears.

				“Sorry,” I say. “I mean, we kicked Boston’s hiney. It was great.”

				The boys fall into a fit of giggles.

				“Auntie Melanie said ‘hiney,’” Mickey says.

				“Well, I’m glad you enjoyed the game.” Miles takes a seat next to Jamie. He leans across the table and speaks in a loud whisper, “Raine seems like a really cool guy.”

				“Thanks.” I smile, as if I somehow deserve credit for this fact. “He really is.”

				Raine brings the casserole dish of scalloped potatoes out, and Mom places a pitcher of iced tea on the table. They both take a seat at the table. Finally, we’re ready to eat.

				“Hey, I worked hard to make this salad with my own two hands.” Miles holds his hands up. “So you guys better eat it. Especially you.” He points a finger at Jamie. She makes a face.

				“Everything is delicious, Mrs. Gordon...” Raine says. Mom raises her eyebrow, and he quickly corrects himself. “I mean, Ellie.”

				“You never let any of Melanie’s other boyfriends call you Ellie,” Jamie says.

				“I didn’t like any of them.” She smiles at Raine.

				“You didn’t let me call you Ellie either,” Marcus says. “Not until Mimi and I had been married for two years.”

				My mother looks like a child who’s been caught in a lie, but only momentarily. She’s sharp and always on her game. “I never said you couldn’t call me Ellie,” she says carefully. “I just didn’t say you could.”

				We all laugh. Marcus isn’t amused. He quickly changes the subject. “So, Raine, what do you do?”

				Raine’s mouth is filled with ham and scalloped potatoes. He chews his food as the boys giggle. “I run a nonprofit organization called Focused for Life. We teach men in underserved communities how to succeed in the workplace.” Raine takes a sip of Mimi’s tea.

				“Hmm...so you’re in nonprofit. Noble.” Marcus nods sagely. “My brother works in the nonprofit sector. He’s overworked, and the pay is practically criminal.”

				I try to bore a hole in my brother-in-law’s forehead with my lethal stare. Marcus is oblivious to this as he scoops another forkful of potatoes in his mouth. Mimi quickly comes to my rescue with a less telekinetic approach.

				She jabs her husband in the side with her elbow then says, “My brother-in-law teaches literacy to high-risk children in poverty-stricken neighborhoods. It’s challenging, but he adores the kids he works with. You two would probably have lots to talk about. I should introduce you.”

				“That’s a great idea, Mimi! It would be wonderful to see Leo again. He is a truly remarkable man.” My mother gives Marcus a look like she’s just scraped him off the bottom of her shoe. She returns her attention to Raine. “Leo is making such a difference in those children’s lives. His passion for his job is admirable. I guess that’s what makes him so good at what he does—his commitment.”

				“Passion and commitment are essential if you want to make a difference to the community you’re serving. It’s contagious,” Raine says. “It’s what makes my clients trust me and want to work with me, even if they’ve been disappointed a hundred times before.”

				“Must help on the fundraising side of things, too,” Miles adds.

				“It does.” Raine nods. “Donors need to see how we’re impacting the lives of program participants. They need to know they can trust us, that we’ll be good stewards of their donations. That’s why we’re completely transparent about our funding and expenses.”

				The admiration in my mother, Mimi, Jamie and Miles’s eyes has me practically beaming. “Focused for Life was named a top charity in San Francisco three years running,” I say.

				“We could use a program like that here in Cleveland,” Miles says. “Any plans to expand here?”

				“Right now we have the one office in San Francisco. But it was an article I read on the low graduation rate of African American males in Greater Cleveland that inspired Focused for Life,” Raine says. “Though I wanted to launch the program here, I found it much easier to get things started in San Francisco.” He sounds apologetic. “So to answer your question, yes, I’d love to expand to Cleveland and other cities.”

				“I’ve made connections with some local funding sources that would probably be interested in making it happen,” Miles says. “When you’re ready, give me a call. We’ll talk. I’ll introduce you to a few people.” He reaches into his wallet, pulls out a few of his business cards and slides them across the table to Raine.

				“Thanks, man.” Raine picks up the card and surveys it before slipping it into his pocket. “I’ll do that.”

				Marcus frowns. His forehead and cheeks are red. His posture is rigid, his movements tight. He broods in silence. He’s been trying to get Miles and his friends to invest in his online business for months.

				“How many people do you think you’ve helped so far?” Jamie asks.

				“Around two hundred seventy-five so far.”

				“In five years? That’s only fifty-five people a year,” Marcus scoffs.

				Now my mother, Mimi and I are giving him the death stare. Miles gives him a look that tells him to “chill.” He slumps back down in his seat and stabs at his potatoes.

				Raine nods. “That’s the number of people who successfully completed the program so far. While it may seem inconsequential, we’re making a tremendous impact on these men’s lives and the lives of their families. We have a wall at the office filled with pictures of successful clients. Every time I look at it...” For a moment he seems a millions miles away, but then a wide smile spreads across his face. “I know I could be doing other things, more profitable things, but nothing compares to the feeling I get from helping a misguided young man onto a path that’ll raise the quality of his life, the lives of his children, maybe even his grandchildren.”

				“Good for you, Raine.” My mother smiles approvingly, as if he’s just passed an exam he wasn’t aware he was taking. “It’s so nice to meet a young man who’s so well-grounded, so content. I’m sure your parents are very proud of you.”

				Raine raises his eyebrows sharply and sucks in a deep breath. He’s silent for a moment. “Let’s just say my parents equate success with money. They’d prefer it if I did something a bit more lucrative, or at least prestigious.” He stabs a piece of ham with his fork and shoves it into his mouth quickly.

				“That sucks!” Jamie says. “I know what it feels like to have parents who don’t support you. Hell, I know what it’s like to have parents that don’t give a—”

				“Jamie!” my mother says sharply.

				“Care,” she says. “I know how it feels to have parents who don’t care about you, or what you want, or what’s best for you. It hurts. A lot. It never stops hurting.” Jamie’s voice cracks. Miles squeezes Jamie’s hand.

				We sit at the table, stunned. James is no bleeding heart. In the twenty years I’ve known her, loved her, called her my best friend and sister, she’d sooner kick a man in the teeth with her heavy black Doc Martens than tell him she loved him or show any emotion in front of him.

				I’ve only seen Jamie cry a few times: when her dad disappeared, when we first learned my father was terminally ill and the day he died.

				I realize her relationship with Miles has made her softer around the edges, but I didn’t expect a gooey center. None of us knows what to say.

				“It does hurt,” Raine says finally, “not to have the people you love behind you a hundred percent. Don’t get me wrong—my parents are wonderful people in their own way. I love them and I know they love me. They just don’t get me. I don’t know if they ever will. But I keep hoping.”

				Jamie smiles feebly and nods. Like she and Raine have just passed a message to which the rest of us aren’t privy. “I guess there’s always hope,” she says.

				My mother, Mimi and I exchange looks. Jamie has never spoken this way about her parents. She’s spent the past twenty years actively hating them. Her bitterness and resentment seethed from her pores like lethal venom, sabotaging every relationship she attempted with people outside our family, slowly poisoning her from the inside.

				Jamie’s mother has been trying to reconnect with her over the past year. She’s convinced the woman is incapable of change. For Jamie’s sake, I hope that she’s wrong.

				“That’s right, baby.” Mom smiles, her eyes wet with tears. “There’s always hope.”

				There’s a brief, uncomfortable lull in the conversation. Raine steps in to fill it by returning the favor to Marcus. “So, Marcus, what about you? What do you do?”

				“I’m an entrepreneur.” Marcus shifts in his seat. “I’m managing a little start-up, a graphic design firm. We’re still at the ground phase.”

				“And you have been for quite some time,” my mother says underneath her breath, one eyebrow raised.

				Marcus’s face reddens. “Like I told you, Ellie, these things take time. It can take a new business up to five years to really get going.”

				“Uh-huh.” My mother stabs her salad and pushes it around her plate. “Well, like Jamie said, I guess there’s always hope.”

				“Melanie,” Mimi jumps in, “how are things coming with the Great Lakes branch of Jasper & Graevel?”

				“Wonderful! We landed two big clients on Friday,” I say, thankful to move on to more positive conversation. I’m terrified Raine will think my family is insane and creep out the back door. “There’s been a real shift in our business over the past month or so. I’m excited about the way things are going.”

				“It’s a good thing you met up with Jax at that luncheon, then,” Marcus says. “Mimi says you’re working closely with him.”

				I stare daggers into Marcus’s forehead. “He’s been quite helpful,” I say tersely.

				“You’re working with Jaxson?” Panic rises in mother’s voice. “Melanie, you never mentioned that to me.”

				I glance at Mom. She’s biting her lip, and her face seems to have aged ten years in the last ten seconds. I understand why Mimi and Mom are so alarmed by the idea of Jax inching his way back into my life. The dissolution of our relationship had been like a wrecking ball that tore through my world. I’d slowly retreated from my life here. Eventually I moved away, where the distance between my family and I expanded over time, like a crack in a windshield. So I don’t blame them for being scared shitless. But what they don’t understand is that Jax truly is different now. More importantly, I have no intention of letting him back into my heart. “I didn’t mention it because Jax and I have formed a strategic business alliance. And since when have you ever wanted to talk about my work?” I reassure her with a smile, my eyes pleading with her to just let it go, at least for now.

				Raine looks at my mother, her face still etched with genuine distress, then at me. He casually drapes his arm across the back of my chair and leans into me. “I got a chance to meet him briefly last night. He gave us tickets to today’s game,” Raine says. “Speaking of the game, Melanie and I had a great time.”

				Nice redirection. I smile at him, appreciative. “We really did.”

				“I wanna go see basketball,” Dusty says sadly. “Mommy, can we go?”

				“You know Mommy doesn’t like basketball very much, and Daddy is always busy,” Mimi says. “But Mommy will play basketball with you on the hoop in the basement. How’s that?”

				“It’s not the same!” Mickey protests.

				“Yeah!” Dusty says.

				They both pout, heads tilted, their sad little cheeks propped on their fists, elbows on the table.

				“Elbows off the table.” Their grandmother reminds them. “And remember, big boys don’t pout. You know your mother works very hard.” She narrows her eyes at my brother-in-law.

				“Hey, I’ll tell you what, guys. Next time I come to town, Melanie and I will take you to the game. Would you like that?” Raine asks.

				“Yay!” They cheer, raising their arms in the air.

				“Can we get cotton candy?” Dusty asks.

				“And sodas and hot dogs?” Mickey adds.

				“If it’s okay with your parents.” Raine puts a hand on Mickey’s shoulder.

				“You don’t have to do this,” Mimi says in a hushed whisper.

				“I want to.” He reassures her with a grin.

				“Then, yeah, I guess it’s okay.” She smiles. “Just don’t spoil them with a bunch of junk food. They’ll be bouncing off the walls if they get hyped up on sugar.”

				The boys let out another loud cheer.

				“Thanks, man.” Marcus offers a pinched smile, a seeming mix of gratitude and apology.

				I lean over and whisper into Raine’s ear, “Mimi’s right. This is nice of you and everything, but...”

				“I wouldn’t have offered if I didn’t want to do it.”

				“Okay. But they can be a handful. I hope you know what you’ve gotten yourself into.”

				He smiles and reaches for my hand. “I do.”





		 			 				Chapter Twenty-One

				I stroll into work on Monday morning, newspaper tucked underneath my arm and a steaming hot mocha latte in hand. I’m exhausted. Raine and I were up all night talking, laughing, making love. He had a 6 a.m. flight. I’m operating on about three hours of sleep.

				We had a memorable weekend, and my family adores him. In fact, my mother may be more taken with him than I am. He even managed to win over Mickey.

				I yawn, no free hand to cover my wide-open mouth as I enter the office.

				“Looks like you had quite the weekend,” Leslie says. “Can’t wait to hear about it.”

				I smile. “It was pretty amazing.”

				“I’ll bet.” She follows me into my office. “Oh, and look, no carpet fibers in your hair this time.”

				“You’re never going to let me forget about that, are you?”

				“No, I don’t think I will.” Leslie plops down in the guest chair across from my desk. “So, tell me all about this phenomenal weekend you had.”

				I take a sip of my latte and sit in my chair. “Okay, I’ll tell you.” I pull out a stack of pictures Marcus took at dinner last night and printed on the spot. I show her a picture of Raine and bring her up to speed on everything over my latte and the Danishes she picked up this morning.

				It feels good to talk about our relationship. I haven’t felt this way about someone since Jax.

				My undying love for Jaxson Payne was borne out of a high school crush I’d never really gotten over. My feelings for Raine are based on a much deeper foundation. He’s a man I truly admire. The fact that he’s tall, handsome and incredibly sexy is just a bonus.

				Leslie leans forward in her seat. “It’s good to see you so happy. You deserve this.”

				“Thanks.”

				“Well, I’d better get back to work. We’ve got a busy week ahead of us,” Leslie says. “Call me if you need something.”

				Now it’s time to get down to business—preparing for the arrival of Priscilla Cohen. But first I take a silver frame out of my desk and slide in one of the pictures Marcus took of Raine and me last night. We’re cuddled on the sofa with my nephews at our feet and my family surrounding us. I’m smiling at him, and he gazes at me with a look I can only describe as “love” in his eyes. I set the framed photo next to the picture of Dad and me behind my desk.

				Priscilla blows into the office around eleven, her luggage in tow. She’s wearing a Burberry trench coat and a pair of Stella McCartney boots made for people who don’t actually have to walk in snow. This is evident from the large, wet stain on the back of her coat where she’s apparently fallen on the sidewalk.

				An insidious smile creeps across my face as I imagine Priscilla Cohen’s ass hitting the sidewalk, her feet in the air. Welcome to Cleveland, bitch.

				“You didn’t have any trouble getting here, did you, Priscilla?” I ask as Leslie takes her coat and hangs it on the rack. Leslie flashes me a stern look that tells me to behave myself. I acknowledge her with a slight nod.

				“No trouble at all.” Priscilla smooths her skirt and lifts her purse onto her shoulder. “But I could really use a cup of coffee. Got any around here?”

				“Just brewed a fresh pot,” Leslie says. “I’ll get you a cup.”

				Priscilla’s gaze sweeps the room as she surveys Leslie’s desk and assesses the waiting area. She fixes her mouth in a slight frown. “Where will I be working?”

				I draw in a deep breath. I wanted to set her up in the main reception area, where Leslie and I could keep an eye on her. Leslie didn’t want Priscilla invading her space. Besides, she said, the account manager really should have her own private space to see clients and meet with candidates. I knew she was right.

				“We’ve got you set up down the hall on your left.” I gesture in the general direction of her temporary lair. “Why don’t you go ahead and get settled in. We can meet in my office in, say, thirty minutes.”

				“Great. That’s it there, I assume.” She nods toward the open door behind me.

				“It is. I’ll meet you back here after you’ve had your coffee. I know better than to try to have a conversation with you before then.” I smile, trying to lighten the mood.

				Priscilla offers an obligatory smile then grabs her luggage and disappears down the hall.

				Back in my office, I sip my cooled latte and review the client files Leslie prepared for Priscilla.

				Never one to follow the lead, Miss Prissy knocks on my slightly ajar door fifteen minutes later, her padfolio and a pen in hand. “I know you said thirty minutes, but I’d really love to get a jump on things today.” Priscilla smiles sweetly. “Unless, of course, you’re not prepared.”

				Using my open palm to indicate she should sit down in one of the guest chairs, I stiffen my spine and sit tall. “Now’s fine.”

				Priscilla sits in the chair and frowns when she realizes she’s sitting several inches below me. The corner of my mouth turns up in a sardonic smile. She crosses her legs, flexes the red-soled Louboutins she’s changed into and runs her fingers through her recently colored hair. She’s sporting Sarah Jessica Parker’s latest hair du jour, a deep brown with sun-kissed blond highlights. “Damien says you’re overwhelmed and need my help.” Priscilla taps a pen against her open pad. “So, what can I do?”

				I seethe at her implication that I’m in over my head, and need her to ride in on her broom and save me. “As Damien mentioned, we’re doing quite well here,” I say with a tight-lipped smile. “Our growth has exceeded the capacity of our current personnel. We just need someone to tide us over until I can select a permanent account manager.”

				“Isn’t that what I said?” She bats her eyelashes and adjusts her position in the chair.

				I ignore the question. “Here are files on ten clients with acquisition requests we’re currently filling.” I push the files across my desk.

				Priscilla leans forward and takes them. She opens the first file and thumbs through it. Then the next. “These seem pretty straightforward. I could do this in my sleep,” she adds with a condescending smile.

				“Great. Then I guess we’re good.” I’m eager to get her out of my office. “Anything you need in terms of company information you’ll find in each client’s folder. If you need resource information, Leslie can get you anything you need.”

				“Good to know.” Priscilla uncrosses her legs and slides the client folders into her padfolio. “When will I get to meet the clients?”

				A knot tightens in my stomach. I’ve been thinking about this all morning. “I don’t think that’s necessary right now. You have all the information you need to proceed. As you said, these acquisition requests are pretty straightforward.”

				Priscilla narrows her eyes and presses her lips together, pinching her fine, porcelain features. Arms crossed, she takes a deep breath. She releases it in a single stream of air through her nostrils, like a bull preparing to make a pass at a bullfighter.

				“I know you’re accustomed to working more closely with the clients. But I don’t want to give clients the impression we’re playing musical chairs with their accounts. After all, you’re only filling in temporarily,” I say firmly.

				“So you don’t want me to meet your precious clients.” The tone with which she says this makes me want to reach across the desk and smack her. “The reason Damien flew me out here is because I’m damned good with clients.”

				“No, the reason Damien flew you out here is because you need to demonstrate that you’re a team player.” My voice rises to match hers.

				“I dropped everything, flew three thousand miles and broke the heel on a very expensive pair of boots to come here. If that doesn’t demonstrate that I’m a team player, I don’t know what does.” Priscilla leans forward in her chair. “All I’m asking is to meet the clients I’m serving. I think they have the right to know who’s actually working their accounts.”

				I’d been close to wavering until she made that statement. I take a deep breath and force a smile. “I respect your opinion, Priscilla. However, I’m going to decline your request. If you feel it’s necessary to meet with a client, come to me and we’ll discuss it first,” I say with finality.

				“Fine.” The words squeeze through her tightly clenched teeth. Her cheeks and forehead are flushed. She looks past me. “Then perhaps you can give me the highlights on each client.”

				“Sure. Why don’t I order us some lunch? You must be hungry after your flight.”

				She nods begrudgingly. “I could eat.”

				I take out the menu from Mallorca, a restaurant where I often entertain clients. Maybe treating Priscilla to an excellent lunch will help smooth her ruffled feathers and get us back on track. I order veal scallopini with fresh mushrooms in a marsala wine sauce for her, lobster ravioli in a white cream sauce for me and shrimp with scallops in an apple-champagne sauce for Leslie. I don’t even bat an eye when Priscilla insists that her order be bagged separately.

				We review each client’s acquisition request over lunch in my office. Most of our conversation is spent with one of our heads down over our meal or with Priscilla staring past me and avoiding direct eye contact. It’s just as well. Behind her back we often joke that, like Medusa, it could be lethal to make eye contact with her.

				Two hours later, Priscilla rises from the chair and walks behind my desk. She points to the picture of my father and me. “Is this your dad?”

				“Yes.” I don’t offer any further information.

				“He’s handsome,” she says. I don’t comment. “Speaking of handsome, who’s this guy? Is this your boyfriend?”

				I sigh. I want to tell her he’s my cousin, the plumber or some random guy. But we’ve both got that ridiculous googly-eyed look that clearly indicates we’re into each other. “Yes,” I say again.

				“He looks so familiar. Like we’ve met before.” Priscilla picks up the photo and stares at it. I realize this is what she’s been staring at all afternoon. She’s been trying to determine if she recognizes him.

				“I doubt it,” I say. “Though he is from San Francisco.”

				“I didn’t realize you were seeing anyone when you were in San Francisco.”

				“I wasn’t.” I’m increasingly annoyed with her questions but hesitant to shoot down her attempts to be personable.

				“Hmm...well, he looks really familiar. What’s his name?” She looks at me.

				“Raine Mason.” Why did I put that photo in my office today? Geez!

				Priscilla is mid-question when my cell phone rings, and Raine’s image appears. A knowing smirk lifts the corners of her mouth. “Speak of the devil.” She puts the picture back. “I’ll get out and let you take your personal call.”

				I force a wooden smile. I’m sure she’s heading to her office to write in a secret notebook, Took personal call at 2:30 p.m.. I wait until the door closes behind her before I answer the phone.

				* * *

				Two weeks pass, and everything seems to go well. Priscilla requested meetings with a few of our clients. Each time I rejected her request. The first two times she pouted. The last time she smiled like she’d just won a prize. Another two weeks pass without incident. In fact, Priscilla seems jovial and upbeat. She even stops complaining about the weather.

				I arrive at the office in a new black, cap-sleeved Anne Klein sheath I purchased for today’s meeting with Guy Lambert, director of personnel for the Cleveland Crushers—the local hockey franchise. Jax arranged the meeting. The three of us are going to meet over dinner tonight. Guy’s considering J&G for his executive search needs.

				My coat is barely off before Priscilla greets me at the door in a fuzzy beige sweater and a pair of tan slacks.

				“Good morning! Don’t you look gorgeous for tonight’s meeting.” She leans in and gives me a hug. The fibers of her sweater press against my nose and mouth.

				“What’s that for?” I wriggle free of her like a five-year-old boy squirming out of the arms of his mother.

				“Thank you for giving me this opportunity. I know I was a bit hesitant before, but the truth is, you’re helping me get to the next step in my career. I want you to know how much I appreciate it. How much I appreciate you.”

				Leslie and I exchange glances. She shrugs and goes back to her computer screen but continues to watch us out of the corner of her eye.

				“Well, Priscilla, I appreciate your appreciation.” I juggle my portfolio and rub my right eye. “Despite my reluctance to bring you on board, you’ve proven to be a real asset.”

				“It’s big of you to admit that, Gordon.” A broad smile spreads across her thin face. “I’d like to bring you up to speed on a few of the projects I’m working on. Can we meet in my office for a bit?”

				“I’d love to, but I’ve already got a lot on my plate today—”

				“C’mon, Gordon. I got breakfast from Wilhemina’s. All I need is fifteen minutes.” She bats her eyes.

				“Fine. I’ll meet you in your office in a few.”

				“Excellent.” Priscilla turns on her heels and takes off down the hall.

				“What’s with her?” I ask Leslie as soon as Priscilla is out of earshot. I rub my eye again. I stayed up late preparing for tonight’s meeting, so I’m already a little groggy. But now my eyes feel tired and I feel a tickle in my nose and throat, like I’m coming down with a cold. The last thing I need right now.

				“I don’t know.” Leslie shrugs. “She was here when I arrived. But for the record, I still don’t trust her. That heifer’s up to something.”

				“She’s been pretty innocuous lately. Maybe our little monster is growing up.”

				Leslie gives me a look that clearly indicates she doesn’t agree. “I’ve known women like that my entire life. They never give in, not ever. Keep your guard up.”

				I nod and sneeze. “Yes, Mama.”

				I head into my office, put my briefcase on the desk and slip my purse into my bottom drawer. After checking my voice mail and emails, I head to Priscilla’s office.

				She has her little space heater on full blast. The overpowering aromas of chilis, peppers, onions and garlic overwhelm the small space.

				“Perfect timing! I just reheated our food.” Priscilla takes our food out of the small microwave perched on a file cabinet in the corner of her office. She hands me a paper plate and plastic dishware.

				I thank her for the meal and dive in to the delicious, cheesy hash-brown bake. She ordered it light on the onion and garlic—the way I do on days I’m meeting with clients. She eats a delicate spinach and egg white omelet.

				“So what’s so important it couldn’t wait?” I ask after eating several bites of my breakfast. A violent sneeze comes out of nowhere. I barely have time to cover my mouth to keep from spraying my meal. “Excuse me.”

				“Bless you.” She frowns. “Are you coming down with a cold or something?”

				I grab a napkin and wipe my mouth. Before I can use it to wipe my nose, Priscilla stops me.

				“Here.” She pulls a box of tissues from a drawer in her desk. “Use this. You’ll scratch the skin off your nose with that thing.”

				Sneezing again, I use a napkin to cover my mouth. I ball it up and throw it into the trash before taking a tissue from the box. This morning I was groggy, but fine. But now my nose is running, I keep sneezing and my eyes feel like I haven’t gotten enough sleep the past few days.

				“So what was it you wanted?” I ask again. My patience is wearing thin and I appear to be developing an allergy to Miss Prissy.

				Priscilla offers a repentant smile. “I just wanted you to know I respect your authority as the manager of the Great Lakes branch, and I’m committed to doing whatever I can to ensure its success. I know you don’t trust me with your clients right now, and maybe I’m to blame for that. But I’ve been working hard the past month to earn your trust. I’m here to help you any way I can, whether that means meeting with clients or working in the trenches here at the office.”

				I sneeze and yank another tissue from the box to wipe my nose and mouth. “That’s big of you, Priscilla. I appreciate your support. And the truth is...things have gone more smoothly since you’ve taken over acquisitions. I’ve shared that with Damien and Jane. They’re very pleased.”

				“Thank you.” She furrows her brows and regards me suspiciously. I don’t blame her. I was pretty shocked to hear glowing praise for Priscilla come out of my mouth during my conference with Damien last week, too. But it’s true. She’s been an asset to the branch, as Damien predicted she would. “Well, I don’t want to take up all your time. You’ve got a busy morning, and so do I.”

				I nod, grab my plate and head back to my office.

				* * *

				Leslie knocks on my office door a little before 1 p.m. I feel miserable, but I’ve been busy working on a few projects.

				“Come in.” I rub my right eye and sneeze.

				She cracks the door and peeks her head in. “Hey, Mel, I just wanted to let you know I’m leaving for...oh my God! What happened to your face?”

				“What is it? What do you mean? Did I ruin my makeup?”

				Leslie comes closer, her pretty brown eyes widened in panic. She grabs my hand. “I don’t want to scare you, sweetie, but the best way to describe it is...well, you look like you were in a fight with a boxer.”

				“What?” I rush toward the mirror on the wall. My mouth drops open. My eyes and nose are swollen and red. My skin looks splotchy. I turn to Leslie. “What the fuck happened to my face?”

				“I don’t know.” She shakes her head. “Maybe an allergic reaction to something?” She narrows her eyes and crosses her arms. “What was in that food Priscilla gave you?”

				Sinking into the couch, I press my hands to my forehead. “Even Priscilla isn’t that evil,” I say. Leslie purses her lips and tilts her head. “I don’t have any food allergies anyway. The only thing I’m allergic to is cats.”

				“You’re allergic to cats?” Leslie says. She bites her lips and thinks. “Do you think—”

				“Priscilla with a cat? That would require her to take care of another living being.” I scoff, rubbing my eye again. “Not likely. Besides, she’s a scheming little bitch, but I don’t think she’s a homicidal one. That’s crossing the line, even for her.”

				“Stop rubbing your eyes. They’re gonna be the size of grapefruits if you keep that up,” Leslie says sternly. Then she takes a deep breath. “Okay, has this ever happened to you before?”

				I nod. “A few times, usually caused by cat dander.”

				“So what did you do?”

				“Take an antihistamine, usually Benadryl.”

				“Do you have any now?”

				“No. Besides, if I take Benadryl now I’ll barely be able to keep my eyes open for the meeting later. They’ll think I’m wasted.”

				“Well, you certainly can’t go looking like this,” Leslie says. “Can you reschedule the meeting?”

				“It was hard enough to pin Guy down to a date, and he’s flying to L.A. tomorrow morning,” I say. “This is my only shot.”

				“My gosh! What happened to you?” Priscilla is standing in my office. I wonder if she’s a cat. I didn’t even hear her come in. “Did you have some sort of allergic reaction?”

				“What makes you say that?” Leslie’s hands are on her hips.

				“It happened to her once before,” Priscilla says calmly. “We were at a coworker’s house for a little party. Linda has three cats and her housekeeping standards are...a bit loose, shall we say. Gordon’s face blew up like a balloon. She couldn’t get out of there fast enough.”

				“So you knew she was allergic to cats,” Leslie says accusingly. She looks at me with “I told you so” written all over her face.

				“Everyone at that party knows, and they’ll never forget it,” Priscilla says matter-of-factly. “But you haven’t been around any cats, have you, Gordon?”

				“Of course not!” I rub my eye again when Leslie isn’t looking.

				“Then it has to be something else she’s allergic to.” Priscilla shrugs. “The important thing is that we get her something, and quick. Before she swells up like a balloon in the Macy’s parade.”

				Leslie sighs, unconvinced. “She needs some Benadryl.”

				“I have some,” Priscilla volunteers. “I’m allergic to shellfish. I always keep some with me.”

				Leslie and I exchange looks.

				“Oh, come on. You two don’t actually think I had something to do with this, do you? Now that’s just silly.” Priscilla laughs at the notion. “Do you want the Benadryl or not? You certainly can’t go to your meeting tonight looking like that.”

				“What choice do I have?” I say finally. “Yes, I’ll take the Benadryl.”

				“But I thought you said—”

				“I’ll go home and take a little nap.” I interrupt Leslie. “Just call me an hour before the meeting, and everything will be fine.”

				It isn’t.

				When Leslie calls to wake me from my nap, I’m barely comprehendible.

				“You sound like you’re drunk. You can’t make your presentation like this.” Leslie groans. “What’re we going to do?”

				“Let me speak to her,” Priscilla says in the background. Leslie sighs then puts her on the phone.

				“Hey, Gordon,” she says. “I know this happened at the worst possible time, but like I said this morning, I’m here to support you any way I can. This is an important meeting. We can’t afford to blow this. You’ve worked too hard for it. Let me handle it for you. I’ve made tons of presentations and my closing rate is excellent. Give me a shot at it. I’ll land this account, no matter what it takes. I promise.”

				My eyelids feel incredibly heavy and all I want to do is go to sleep. “Fine,” I hear myself say. “The files are on my desk. Brief me in the morning.”

				Leslie sighing in the background is the last thing I remember before drifting off to sleep again.





		 			 				Chapter Twenty-Two

				I watch Marcus’s face as he studies a menu at Taza—a Lebanese restaurant—he’s invited me to for lunch. His eyes—dark, close-set and always far too intense for the task at hand—move from one side to the other, like a typewriter cartridge. I can barely keep from laughing as I lean across the table and whisper loudly, “You do know we won’t be tested on this, don’t you?”

				Relaxing his shoulders from their perch near his ears, he lowers the menu to the table and shoves his glasses up the bridge of his nose with his index finger. “Right. I know. I’m just...not very fond of Lebanese food.”

				“But this was your idea,” I remind him. Even for Marcus, he’s acting a little weird today.

				“Mimi said you liked this place.” He picks up the menu and reviews it again.

				Yesterday he called and asked to meet for lunch. Since the last time we had lunch together alone was at the hospital after Mickey was born, I was a little surprised, to say the least. When he asked me not to tell Mimi, I got downright worried. I take the menu from his hand. “Marcus, do you trust me?”

				He shrugs. “Yeah, I guess.”

				Thanks for the vote of confidence, dude. I motion the server over. “We’re finally ready to order,” I say. “We’ll take an order of hummus for the table with extra pita, beef shawarma for him and chicken shawarma for me. And two colas.”

				Marcus looks relieved as the server takes the menus away. It only lasts a moment. When he looks at me again his face immediately draws into a grimace. He swallows. “Thanks for meeting me for lunch.”

				“Sure,” I say, watching the bronze skin across his cheeks turn six different shades of red. I lean across the table and speak in a low voice. “Now will you please tell me what the hell is going on?”

				He has a panicked look on his face. “What makes you think something’s wrong?”

				“Seriously?” I fold my arms, mouth twisted. My patience is growing dangerously thin.

				He shifts in his seat and leans across the table. “I wanted to ask you a favor.”

				I brace my back against the seat, grazing my teeth across my bottom lip. “So ask me.”

				He puts his fist to his mouth and clears his throat twice. This is gonna cost me. Big time. When he finally speaks, his voice sounds warbled. “I wondered if you could help me...I mean, I thought maybe you could...”

				“Marcus,” I say. “Please, just spit it out. I have a meeting with a client in an hour.”

				He sits up taller and places his hands flat on the table. “I wanted to know if you could help me find a job.”

				“Is that all?” I laugh, relaxing for the first time since I walked in the door. “Of course I will. I would’ve offered, but I didn’t think you’d want my help. Geez, why the big production?”

				He shrugs. “I thought you’d feel like your loser brother-in-law was begging for help.” He finally raises his eyes to mine. “Don’t pretend you haven’t been thinking that.”

				My face is warm. I glance at the door, then back at him. “You’re not a loser,” I say, not exactly answering the question. “A lot of people are looking for work. It’s a tough market.”

				“I know what your mom thinks, that I don’t want to work, that I spend all day playing games on my computer.”

				I give him a look that surely reveals she isn’t the only person who thinks that. “So what are you doing?”

				“Working on my graphic design skills and trying to get things going with the business. I’m a really good designer. I’m just not a very good marketer.” He shrinks down in his seat. He looks much smaller than his five-foot-nine-inch frame. “I’ve tried, I really have. I guess I’m not cut out for business the way Miles and Raine are.”

				I sigh, tapping my fingers lightly on the table. “Maybe you should try working with a start-up first, you know, learn by osmosis rather than trying to reinvent the wheel.”

				He leans in, his brows shifting upward, a hopeful glint in his eyes. “I never thought of that. I’d like that.”

				“Good,” I say, taking a business card out of my purse and sliding it across the table to him. “Email your résumé to me. I’ll float it around to some of my contacts at a few start-ups.”

				“Thanks, Mel.” He jams the card in his pocket, nodding fervently.

				“I can’t promise you anything until I see what I’m working with. Do you have an online portfolio?”

				“Yes, of course.”

				“Show it to me.” I snatch my tablet out of my bag, open the cover and shove it across the table.

				Marcus picks the tablet up and enters the URL. He turns it around and slides it back across the table.

				With my mouth hanging open, and one hand to my chest, I thumb through the samples. I’m stunned. It’s like discovering your idiot brother is a world-class concert pianist. “Wow, these are good, and these—” I indicate four in particular, “—are truly exceptional.”

				Marcus watches my reaction. He raises his chin, shoulders back and chest forward. His small mouth and thin lips form a knowing grin. His eyes gleam. “I told you, I’m no amateur. I just need some clients.”

				Resting an elbow on the table, I grip my chin with my thumb and index finger. “Would you be opposed to working with some of these companies on a contract basis?”

				“No,” he says. “Actually, I’d prefer it.”

				“Good.” I close the tablet and slip it back inside my bag. Biting my lip, I place my hand on his. “I’ve underestimated you, Marcus, and I shouldn’t have.”

				He nods, and an involuntary smile creeps across his lips. “Oh, and if you could please—”

				I hold my hand up. “We’ll keep it between us.”

				“Thanks.” His shoulders relax and his smile deepens. “I know you’re doing this for your sister so—”

				“You’re wrong.” I point a finger at him. “I’m doing this for you. You’re family, too. I know we haven’t always made you feel that way, and for that I’m sorry.”

				“I haven’t always made it easy,” he concedes. “But you have to admit, it’s kinda fun fucking with your mom.”

				I laugh conspiratorially. “That it is.”

				When our food arrives Marcus takes a bite of his shawarma. The moan that escapes lips makes a few other patrons look over and stare. I laugh. “Now do you trust me, Mr. I’m-not-very-fond-of-Lebanese-food?”

				“Yeah,” he says. “I do.”

				“Then you’ll believe me when I say that if you try to pick up that check I’ll break your arm.” I smile, and so does he.

				We enjoy the rest of our lunch. He tells me about the design projects he’s worked on recently, even though they didn’t pay much, and a concept he’s been dying to use. His eyes light up as he makes his point with animated gestures. For the first time in a long time I see the man my sister fell in love with and I remember why she did.





		 			 				Chapter Twenty-Three

				It’s the day before Thanksgiving. Thankfully, Priscilla returned to San Francisco for the holiday. Leslie and I close the office early so she can get a head start on her cooking and I can pick Raine up from the airport.

				Aside from the drama of my mysterious allergic reaction on the day of my big meeting with the Crushers, the past two weeks have been good. Priscilla nailed the account, as promised. Though the frequent flirtatious communications she’s had with Guy since then makes me wonder if she isn’t nailing him, too.

				The thought of Raine and I spending our first holiday together makes me feel slightly giddy. I haven’t seen him in a month. We talk nearly every night. Still, I miss him terribly. So it’s no wonder my tongue is down his throat the moment he gets into the car.

				“It’s good to see you, too, babe,” he says when I finally let him up for air.

				Treating the speed limits as more of a suggestion, we get back to my place in record time. We ignore our ringing phones and spend the rest of the evening enjoying each other’s company and getting reacquainted with our favorite parts of each other’s bodies.

				* * *

				I lay with my cheek pressed against his naked chest, tracing the heart and dagger tattoo and each faded letter of Forever. Lifting my head so our eyes meet, I ask, “I think I remember you promising to tell me the story of this tattoo.” I tap two fingers lightly on his chest.

				He slides one hand beneath his head and pulls me closer, tucking my head underneath his chin. “Lauren Romano.” He sighs. “My first real girlfriend. I was crazy in love with her. We dated the first two years of high school. Her parents tolerated me at first. They figured it was just puppy love, no big deal. But her father was afraid we were getting too serious, especially since I wasn’t the Italian stud he hoped his daughter would marry. He sent her to boarding school in Italy for her junior and senior years of high school. I got this tattoo right before she left to show her how brokenhearted I was about her leaving, but that my heart would always belong to her. No matter what. Obviously, it took her a lot less time to forget about me.” A raspy chuckle makes his chest rise and fall.

				I touch my fingers to the word Forever and smile. “It could have been a lot worse. It could’ve been her name.”

				He laughs. “What do you think the phoenix on my back is covering?”

				“Oh, no!” I hide my eyes and cringe. “She certainly left her mark on you.”

				“You could say that.” He kisses the top of my head.

				I lift my head again, looking deep into his eyes. “Why’d you choose the phoenix?”

				Grimacing, his eyes trace the ceiling. His shoulders tense as he clears his throat. “After Lauren, I was...a little wild. I made a lot of bad choices. After one particularly bad episode people kept saying I was lucky to be alive. That I was like a phoenix rising from the ashes.” He shrugs. “It seemed like the appropriate way to close that Chapter of my life.”

				I want to ask him more, about his relationship with Lauren, and what made him feel like he had a second chance at life. The sorrow in his eyes and the rising tension in his body tell me that we’ve visited this particularly painful period in his life long enough.

				“Thank you,” I say, “for sharing that with me.” I crush my mouth against his, sliding my fingers into his hair.

				He responds by pulling me on top of him and sucking on my lower lip before slipping his tongue inside and running it along the roof of my mouth. A soft moan emanates from the back of my throat as I feel him growing hard beneath me. He rolls us over in one quick move and continues kissing me. I press my hand to his heart, hoping that our story will have a better end than his and Lauren’s or mine and Jax’s.

				* * *

				We arrive at my mother’s house at eleven on Thanksgiving morning to watch the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade together. It is a long-running Gordon family tradition.

				Mom, Mimi, Jamie and I jostle for elbow space in the kitchen. We each cook separate portions of the meal. Even Jamie is making something this year, rather than being the roving “assistant” to everyone else.

				Mimi peeks through the kitchen door. “Raine’s playing with the boys. He’s really won them over.” She smiles. “They’re so excited about going to the basketball game with you guys on Saturday.”

				“I gave him every opportunity to opt out of his promise. He wouldn’t hear of it. He really wants to take Mickey and Dusty to the game, and he even insisted on paying for everything.”

				“He didn’t have to do that. I could’ve finagled a few tickets from someone at work,” Mimi says. “I hope he bought cheap tickets. They’re kids, for chrissake. They won’t remember half the night anyway.”

				“I told him that, but I get the distinct feeling he didn’t listen. We’ll see. He won’t tell me anything.”

				“He’s an outstanding young man.” My mother beams. “I couldn’t have handpicked a better husband for you.”

				“Mom!”

				“What?”

				“You’re doing it again.”

				“Doing what?” My mother shrugs and goes back to fussing with the turkey.

				“No one has said anything about marriage.”

				“He loves you. Of course he wants to marry you.”

				“How do you know he loves me?” I put one flour-dusted hand on my hip.

				My mother looks at Mimi, who bites her lip and puts her head down. “I can tell by looking at him. Everyone but you can see that.”

				“Um-hmm.” I give my sister the stink eye. “Well, we certainly haven’t discussed marriage. We’ve only been seeing each other for a few months.”

				“At your age, every month is like a year,” Mom says. Mimi and Jamie snicker. I open my mouth to object, but Mom continues. “Besides, I count the year you two pretended not to be dating.”

				I look at my sister again.

				“I think I hear one of the boys calling me.” Mimi disappears through the swinging door.

				“See, that’s why I can’t tell her anything,” I tell Jamie.

				“Don’t be so hard on your sister,” Mom says. “She just wants you to be happy. We all do.”

				“Then stay out of my love life. That would make me happy.” I return to the dough I’m kneading for the dinner rolls.

				“Of course, dear.” My mother plants a kiss on my temple. “I’m sorry.”

				“Me, too.” Mimi peeks her head through the kitchen door. “I’m excited for you, that’s all.”

				“Okay, fine.” I sigh.

				“Poor Raine,” Mimi says. “The boys have latched on to him. He’s really good with them. He’s going to make a crazy good dad.”

				Not wanting to encourage them, I refuse to turn around. As I knead the dough, an involuntary smile creeps across my face at the thought of Raine and me with kids of our own someday.

				* * *

				Friday is the only day I get Raine to myself for the entire day. I spend most of the day in front of a raging fireplace wearing as little as possible. He doesn’t seem to mind.

				After handing Raine a cup of hot chocolate brimming with tiny marshmallows, I crawl back under the covers and reclaim my spot next to him on the couch. “I’ve been thinking,” I say carefully. “You were kind enough to come here and spend Thanksgiving with my family. Why don’t we spend Christmas with yours?”

				Raine’s jaw stiffens. He takes a sip of the piping hot cocoa. There are several seconds of uncomfortable silence. “That’s very thoughtful of you, babe, but I really hadn’t planned on spending the holidays with my family this year.”

				“Why not?” I ask. It’s a subject we haven’t broached. Raine talks about his family in bits and pieces. I haven’t pressed. I figured he’d tell me when he was ready, but now I’m curious.

				Sure, I probably still wouldn’t have introduced Raine to my family if it weren’t for us running into them at the art museum. But he has met them. Twice. I can’t help but wonder why he’s never asked me to meet his.

				“My relationship with my family...it’s complicated.” He winces, as if he’s been kicked in the shin. “I’ve always been honest with you about that.”

				“You have,” I acknowledge calmly. “But you talk to them regularly. So things can’t be that bad.”

				“I didn’t say they were bad, I said they were—”

				“Complicated. I know.” The inflection in my voice gives away my annoyance. I unwrap my right thigh from around his leg and fold my legs underneath me. “I just wanted to be fair. But if it’s a problem...let’s just forget I mentioned it.”

				I take a gulp of my hot cocoa and try not to grimace when it feels like I’ve poured liquid flames down my throat.

				Raine takes a deep breath and sets his cup down on the coffee table. He turns his body toward me and puts his hand on my knee. “It’s really sweet of you to offer to give up the holidays with your family. I appreciate it.”

				“But...” I take another sip of cocoa.

				“But introducing my family into the mix always makes things—”

				“Complicated?” My mouth is twisted, jaw tight.

				“Fucked up.” He nearly spits the words out. “Meeting my family can mess with a girl’s head.”

				“Why?” I put my cup down on the side table and turn my body into his. Now we’re getting somewhere.

				“I love my mother and sisters, but they can be...bitchy. They never think anyone is good enough and they’re not shy about showing it.”

				“So you are hiding me from your family.”

				“I’m not hiding you. I talk about you all the time. I want them to know how important you are to me.”

				“Let me get this straight.” I rest my chin on my closed fist. “You’re showing your family how important I am to you by not introducing me to them?”

				“I’ve been waiting for the right time. When things feel more solid between us.” My brows furrow. He continues. “There are some major issues looming over us. The geographic distance between us. The fact that—” he looks at me as if apologizing for what he’s about to say, “—I feel like I’ll never be able to measure up to your dad. Sometimes I wonder if that would ever be enough for you.”

				It feels like I’ve been sucker punched. From my mother I expect this. Hearing it from Raine, I feel like I’ve been blindsided. “I never said that.”

				“You don’t have to,” he says gently, running his fingertip along the outside of my thigh. “It’s always there in everything you do, whether you realize it or not.”

				“What’s that supposed to mean?”

				He sighs and seems to be weighing whether this is a conversation he’s willing to have.

				“You don’t talk about your family. Now you lay this on me, but suddenly you don’t want to talk about this either.” I fold my arms and stare at him.

				“Okay, you want me to say it, I’ll say it. Sometimes it’s like your life isn’t your own. Your dad has been gone for six years, but you’re still making choices based on what he thought was best for you. Your life should be about what you want, not what your dad wanted for you.” His eyes apologize.

				I glare at him, not trusting myself to speak.

				“I feel like I need to impress your dad, but I’m kind of at a disadvantage, since I’ve never met him.” He pats my knee and tries to get me to smile.

				I don’t. But I don’t want to talk about this with him, either. I hear it enough from my mother. “And then there’s that list—”

				“What list?” I press my fingers to my parted lips. “You mean—”

				“The ‘Ideal Man’ list you kept on your refrigerator back in San Francisco. I wasn’t snooping or anything,” he adds in response to the panicked look on my face. “I couldn’t help but see it when I was making breakfast that morning. It’s a pretty intimidating list of expectations for any guy.”

				A prickling heat creeps across my cheeks. I grimace and look away for a moment. Taking a deep breath, I force my eyes to meet his again. “I was a practically a kid when I wrote that list.”

				“But you’ve kept it all these years. That tells me your expectations haven’t changed.”

				I sigh, still not looking at him. I’d forgotten about the list until I found it while packing my things to move to San Francisco. It felt like kismet, a well-timed reminder of what I really wanted in a man. While there are some important virtues on the list—honest, hardworking, thoughtful, funny—there are some other requirements that must make me seem pretty damned shallow. Six-figure salary minimum (millionaire or millionaire-potential preferable). Successful business owner or corporate C-level exec. Fucking gorgeous (no exceptions!). Well-endowed (and knows what to do with it).

				I cover my face, thinking of him reading that list. Peeking one eye through splayed fingers, I smirk. “Well, you are gorgeous, well-endowed and you definitely know what to do with it.”

				He presses his lips into a tight line, but one side of his mouth lifts involuntarily. “I’m being serious, Melanie.”

				My shoulders sink. I twist my ring, barely raising my eyes to his. “If this relationship is so impossible, then what’re we doing? Are we just fooling ourselves and wasting each other’s time?”

				“I never said that,” he counters. “You know how I feel about you.” Raine tilts his head toward the spot in the entry hall where he told me he loved me a month ago.

				I lower my head, drawing my knees underneath my chin.

				“Relax,” he says quickly. “We don’t need to talk about it. But I meant what I said and I’m not keeping you a secret. I’ve just been waiting until I felt our relationship was strong enough to withstand the onslaught from my family.” Raine puts his hand on my cheek. “I hope you can understand that.”

				A few months ago I was determined to keep him away from my family. I was mortified when we ran into my mother and sister at the art museum. So I understand. Family can be...complicated.

				I nod. The movement of my head is barely perceptible.

				I understand, but I don’t have to like it.

				“Sometimes I feel like there’s this huge part of you that you’re hiding from me. It makes me nervous.” I pick up my cup and take a sip again. Gooey marshmallows cling to my lip.

				He stands, letting the cover fall. “And which part is that? Is it this part?” He lowers his navy, silk print boxers slightly to reveal the crease between his abs and hips.

				I put my cup down and try to smother a giggle. It isn’t working.

				He grins. “Or is it this part?” He lets the boxers drop to the floor.

				“You’re a complete mess.” I smack him on the behind.

				“Did you just spank me? ’Cause it felt like you just swatted me.” He mimics Jennifer Aniston in Along Came Polly.

				“Yes, I spanked you!” I’m laughing now. “And you liked it. Now get your ass over here so I can do it again.”

				“Yes, ma’am!” He crawls back underneath the cover and pulls me onto his lap, facing him. My body responds immediately to his heat and rigidity. I pull my shirt over my head and toss it onto the floor then shimmy out of my underwear. We make love.

				Later we are camped out in front of the fireplace, cuddled under a blanket, like children at a sleepover.

				He raises himself on one elbow, facing me. “I’ll tell you what. If in one week you still want to spend Christmas with my family, we’ll do it. They’ve been dying to meet you.”

				“Really?” I’m flat on my back, looking up at him. “You’d be okay with that?”

				“I would be okay with that.” Raine lies down again and looks up at the ceiling. He slides one arm around my shoulder, folds the other behind his head.

				“Thanks.” I kiss the side of his face and cuddle against him. “I’ll let you know in a week.”

				* * *

				On Saturday, we take the boys to the basketball game. We’re sitting just a few rows behind the Cavaliers bench. I want to scold Raine for not heeding Mimi’s advice to get cheap tickets, but Mickey and Dusty are in heaven. Raine spoils them with overpriced hot dogs, soda and cotton candy. He buys them each a hat and shirt.

				My sister is going to kill me.

				What Mimi said about him being an amazing father someday replays in my head. Watching him now, I know he will.

				Sunday we have dinner with my family. At times I sit back and watch everyone around the table. The love, the laughter, even the fighting. I can’t believe I’ve been missing this. That I didn’t want to be part of it. At this moment, I couldn’t be happier. Still, I can’t get my father’s pet phrase out of my head. “If it feels too good to be true, it probably is.” The cynic in me wonders just how long it can last.





		 			 				Chapter Twenty-Four

				It’s Monday morning. I dropped Raine off at the airport last night after an amazing weekend together. I didn’t think it possible, but my family loves him even more than before. All morning I’ve been dreamy-eyed and smiling, barely able to get anything done. My head is filled with memories of our weekend together.

				Even Priscilla seems to be in a remarkably good mood. She stopped in my office to say good morning, practically beaming. “I have a feeling this is going to be a very exciting week,” she said.

				I smiled and hoped that wouldn’t mean trouble for me.

				Now I try to get my head back into my work. I search my desk for the Mont Blanc pen Damien gave me. I haven’t seen it in a week. I dig through the black, wire pencil cup on my desk next to the silver-framed picture of my father.

				Picking up the photo, I gently trace the handsome features of my father’s face with my index finger. Chiseled square jaw. Intense, dark eyes. Thick, well-manicured eyebrows. The creases around his eyes and mouth where his age was beginning to show. His short crop of gray hair.

				I strain to remember the sound of his voice calling my name. I don’t ever want to forget his booming voice, jolly tone and thunderous laugh.

				My dad had a great sense of humor and an even better sense of family. Lots of the women in my neighborhood were sweet on him. My mother said she had to beat them off with a stick. But he only had eyes for her. My dad was the perfect husband and father. For the first time I feel like maybe I’ve found someone who comes close to my ideal man. A man as good and as honorable as my father.

				My eyes fill with tears. I grab a tissue from the cabinet behind me. When I turn around, Leslie is standing in my office and there’s a man standing slightly behind her. He snaps three quick photos as I wipe tears from my face.

				“What the...” Leslie jumps between us so he can’t take another photo. She faces the man, her fingers curled into two tightly balled fists. She’s trembling, ready for action. “Why did you do that? No one invited you in here!”

				I stand up and walk around my desk. “Who are you?”

				“Daniel Delveccio. I’m a reporter with Celebrity Life Magazine.” The man nods. “Great to meet ya!”

				“Well, it isn’t very good meeting you, Mr. Delveccio.” I wipe my face with my hands. “It’s quite rude of you to come, uninvited, into my office, my place of work, and just start snapping photos. And why the hell would you want a picture of me anyway? I’m nobody.”

				“You’re Melanie Louise Gordon, birthday June twenty-fifth. Head of the Great Lakes branch of Jasper & Graevel Personnel Services. Love interest of the elusive Beau Montgomery.”

				“How do you know all of that about me? Are you some sort of stalker?” I sit on the edge of my desk, feeling light-headed. My heart is threatening to escape my chest. “Wait, Beau Montgomery? What are you talking about?”

				“First, it’s my job to know everything about any and everyone connected with the Montgomery clan.” He plops down in a chair and adjusts the lens on his camera. “The member of the clan I could never get a beat on is the reclusive Beau Montgomery. That is, until I received an anonymous tip last week that you were dating him.”

				“What do you mean, ‘everyone connected with the Montgomery clan’? Are you talking about Marshall Montgomery? Of Skye Records?” I ask incredulously.

				“One and the same.” The man crosses his legs and settles into the chair as if he’s on his couch at home.

				“I don’t know him or anyone in the entertainment industry.” I snort. “You, Mr. Delveccio, have gotten your facts all wrong. Perhaps you should consider another job.”

				“I don’t think facts much matter to a rag like Celebrity Life Magazine.” Leslie stands over Delveccio menacingly, one hand on her hip, her head rocking and a finger pointed in his face.

				“I don’t have my facts right?” The tone of his voice and the thickness of his British accent match the level of his growing agitation. Delveccio opens his messenger bag and pulls out a manila folder. He opens the folder, digs through its contents, takes out a picture and shoves it at me. “I don’t have my facts straight, eh? Then who, might I ask, is this, Ms. Gordon?”

				I take the picture from him and peer closely at it. “This is a picture of me and my boyfriend, Raine Mason, at the basketball game this weekend,” I say. “So what?” I shove the picture at him. It lands in his lap.

				Delveccio looks at me and laughs.

				Now my irritation is rising. “Please leave my office, or I’ll call security and have them haul your ass out of here by any means necessary.” I pick up my letter opener in case Delveccio is some misguided psycho who plans to do us harm.

				He leans forward in his seat and assesses my expression. “For fuck’s sake! This is grand! You really don’t know, do ya?”

				The I’m-crazier-than-you, don’t-try-me smirk leaves my face. “I really don’t know what?”

				He approaches me. Leslie grabs my golf umbrella and holds it like a baseball bat. She’s about to tee off on the back of his head. I hold a hand up to stop her, at least for now. I’m curious. I want to hear what he has to say.

				Delveccio puts the manila folder marked “Beau Montgomery” on my desk and opens it. He takes out another photo of us at the game. It’s a close-up of Raine. Then he digs out another picture of a young man with a wild crop of curly hair, smoking a joint with some of his friends. From the style of their clothing, it was taken at least twenty years ago.

				“Your point?” I shrug.

				“Don’t you see it?” Delveccio’s growing impatient with my apparent ignorance. “Compare the photos.”

				I pick up both photos and study them. The older one isn’t very good, and I don’t really recognize the boy he’s indicating. I do, however, recognize two of the other boys in the photo. They’re former child stars. One is dead now. The other is floating in and out of rehab clinics.

				“Mr. Delveccio,” I say, standing, “I’m a very busy woman. Please tell me what this means. Who is this boy? And what has this got to do with Raine?”

				Leslie puts down the umbrella and comes closer. She picks up the photo of the child stars gone wrong. “This is Beau Montgomery. I adored him and all his other little washed-up child star friends when I was a kid,” she says.

				“I remember him vaguely. More the name than the face, though. He was Marshall Montgomery’s son. He hung out with a bunch of bratty, punk celeb kids. They were always on the cover of those teen mags or in the news for trashing hotels, crashing their expensive cars or getting busted smoking dope.”

				“Indeed.” Delveccio beams.

				“What ever happened to him anyway?” I ask, sitting in my chair again.

				Delveccio’s smile widens to reveal his stained, brown teeth. He taps the photo of Raine.

				“Are you saying that Melanie’s boyfriend, Raine, is really Beau Montgomery?”

				I look at Leslie, then at Delveccio, who nods and sticks a toothpick between his teeth.

				“Finally!” he says. “I was beginning to think you two were daft.”

				Leslie picks up both photos up and studies them. Her head goes back and forth from one photo to the other, like she’s watching a tennis match. I watch her face carefully. She bites her lip and nods, her eyes apologizing.

				I take the photos from her and study them. They’re about the same skin tone. Hair is very different. Different type, texture and color. Similar noses.

				Then I see it. The tattoo. There’s a sword that runs the length of the boy’s arm. The red rose and green thorns aren’t wrapped around it, but I’m sure it’s the same tattoo I’ve traced with my fingertips many times.

				I can’t see his eyes through the dark shades he’s wearing. But I know they’re the same steely gray eyes I’ve been swooning in all weekend. The eyes I always thought were an open door straight into Raine’s heart and soul.

				I feel nauseous and barely make it to my chair before my legs buckle beneath me.

				“Melanie! Honey, are you alright?” Leslie fans me with the manila folder.

				My head is throbbing and my throat is dry. I reach for what’s left of my cup of coffee and take a few sips. I look up at Leslie.

				“You recognize him now, don’t you, love?” Delveccio can barely contain his smug grin.

				“It’s him. Raine...he really is Beau Montgomery,” I say, more to myself than to either of them.

				“Your boyfriend, Raine Mason, is the son of one of the most powerful men in the music business. You know him as Beau Montgomery. His given name is Rainbeau Mason Montgomery. You’re probably a lot more familiar with his famous siblings—Autumn, Summer and Skye Montgomery.”

				My face is flushed. It feels as if the room has surged to 110 degrees. I put my hand to my head, trying to make sense of everything. “Why didn’t he tell me?” I look at Leslie.

				There are several more quick flashes of the camera.

				“Cut it out, you jerk!” Leslie screams. “Can’t you see she’s already traumatized?”

				It feels like she just took a baseball bat to my skull.

				“So, now that you know,” Delveccio says, “I wonder if you’d be open to a brief interview. Tell us what happened to Beau Montgomery once he fell off the face of the earth?”

				“No! I will not give you an interview, and you do not have my permission to use those photos! Don’t come back here ever again. I mean never!” The sound of my voice reverberates in my skull like a BB gun pellet ricocheting around a tin garbage can.

				“If you want me to leave, I will. But the public wants to know what happened to former heartthrob Beau Montgomery. My job is to discover that information and deliver it to them, as honest and fair as I can. And I’m very good at my job. It would be easier if Beau would talk to me himself so I can spin the story the way he wants. If not...well, I guess I’ll just have to tell the story my way.”

				He grins, slings his bag over his shoulder and tosses his card on my desk. He salutes us as he heads out the door.

				“I’ll be in touch,” Delveccio calls over his shoulder. He tosses another card on Leslie’s desk on his way out.

				I’m shaking and I can barely breathe.

				Raine Mason is actually Beau Montgomery?

				My stomach churns. My head spins. Raine knows everything there is to know about me. I don’t really know him at all.





		 			 				Chapter Twenty-Five

				I’m parked on my living room couch, feet curled underneath me, still dazed as I nurse my second Jack and Coke. Jamie’s perched on the La-Z-Boy next to me, and Mimi is sitting so close to me on the couch I’m considering asking her if she plans to sit on my lap. It’s been at least twenty minutes since any of us has spoken. Occasionally I lift the ice-cold glass to my forehead.

				Mimi draws a tan fleece throw around my shoulders and rubs my arm. “Look, you don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to. But I think it would help if you did.”

				Jamie scoots to the edge of her seat. She’s been patient with me today. The old Jamie would have told me to suck it up and get over it. “Fuck that asshole. He was never good enough for you, anyway!” was her typical response to any man trouble I had.

				Today she sits quietly, makes me drinks and tries to force-feed me dinner.

				“Talking about it won’t change the fact that I have no fucking clue who this guy really is.”

				“Have you talked to Raine—I mean, Beau? Given him a chance to explain himself?”

				I shake my head. “I can’t deal with him right now.”

				“Well, how do you know it’s true? We all have doppelgangers out there somewhere.” Mimi’s eyes brighten. “People stop me to ask if I’m some other person all the time.”

				“The reporter ID’d him, Mimi. Leslie and I looked at the photos. It’s the same guy. Plus, he’s using parts of his real name. Do you really think that’s all just a coincidence?”

				“I guess not.” She sighs. Her voice is small and defeated.

				“He lied to me. He’s lying to everyone about who he really is,” I say. “That’s what hurts. I don’t care if he’s Marshall Montgomery’s kid or if he’s related to those dumbass Montgomerys. But don’t tell me you love me when I don’t even know who the fuck you are.”

				“He does love you.” A smile creeps across Mimi’s face. “You’re the only person who isn’t convinced of that.”

				“I didn’t believe him when he said it because...well, you know. I figured he just got a little too into it. But this weekend he made a point of telling me he meant it.”

				Mimi smiles, despite the situation. “I told you! I told you when I first met him that he looked like a man in love.”

				“None of that matters!” I say sharply. “How can he love me when he doesn’t even trust me enough to tell me who he really is?”

				“He never said anything that would give you the slightest indication about his real identity?” Jamie asks.

				“No. Never,” I say. Then I think back to our meal at the Wine Bar. I start to laugh.

				“What’s wrong, Melanie? Are you okay?” Mimi exchanges a nervous glance with Jamie.

				“Oh my God! We were at dinner, and I wanted to pay. I didn’t want him to go broke from spoiling me over the weekend. He said, ‘Would it make you feel better if I told you I was a trust fund baby?’ He actually said it. God, I’m a fucking idiot. No wonder he was able to get us backstage passes to see Jace LeRoth. And that explains why Jace talked to Raine like he knew him. His label is Skye Records.”

				“So maybe he was planning to tell you when he felt the time was right,” Mimi offers.

				“It doesn’t change the fact that he’s been lying to me.” I refuse to budge on this point. “And okay, if he doesn’t want people to know about it in his business life, I get it, that’s fine. But he’s the one who’s always saying that I can tell him anything. That he wants to know everything about me. Seems pretty disingenuous when you’re lying about your identity. Even to your girlfriend.”

				“Melanie, until you talk to him, you can’t understand his reasoning. And I don’t know if I agree with you about him lying to you,” Jamie says.

				“What do you mean?” I cross my arms, daring her to take Raine’s side in this.

				“The way I see it, it’s kind of like people in witness protection. Are they lying to you when they introduce themselves using their new names and tell stories about their lives that don’t include the parts they want to forget? Not really. Because this is who they are now. They can’t tell you the truth. Even if they wanted. It has to be that way.”

				“People in witness protection are running from the bad guys, Jamie. Not trying to shake off a suspect past.”

				“You don’t think that paparazzi guy who showed up at your office today was a bad guy? And believe me, that’s just the tip of the iceberg. I’m sure there are a lot more just like him out there. That’s not what Raine wanted for himself and he certainly didn’t want it for you.”

				I stare at her for a moment, not sure how to respond. She continues.

				“Raine went through a lot of trouble to abandon his old sex, drugs and rock and roll lifestyle and his loser friends. He could still be living that life if he wanted. He could be hiding out overseas, living under an assumed name on his parents’ dime if he wanted. But he hasn’t done any of that, Mel.” Jamie moves over to squeeze in next to me on the couch. “He reinvented himself and dedicated his life to helping others who are less fortunate. People who didn’t grow up with shitloads of cash, three nannies and a Benz for their sixteenth birthday. Raine is a good guy. Give him a chance to explain.”

				Mimi nods. “It’s only fair. Hear his side of the story before you do anything rash.”

				“Okay. I’ll talk to him. Just not tonight. I can’t handle it right now.”

				“He hasn’t called you?” Jamie inquires.

				“I’ve been screening his calls.”

				Mimi nods and rubs my back. “I know it’s a lot to deal with right now. But don’t let this drag on. Talk to him. He’s a good man. I know it. Even Mommy adores him and she’s an excellent judge of character.”

				“I want to believe that, but let’s face it, he’s not much better than any other guy I’ve dated. They’re all just a bunch of liars. What makes him any different from Jaxson?”

				“I knew it. You’re just looking for a way to equate Raine to Jaxson!” Jamie shoots to her feet and paces around the table. “This shit is exactly what I was afraid of the minute I found out you were working with that fucking asshole!” She’s shaking, her hands balled in fists. “It’d be just like that jerk to take advantage of you in a situation like this.”

				“Jamie, calm down!” Mimi says. Then she looks at me again. “Melanie is too smart for that. She knows better. Raine is no Jaxson Payne. Maybe Beau Montgomery was,” she admits, “but Raine, he’s nothing like Jaxson.”

				I turn to my sister. “You’re so convinced Jaxson is incapable of change, even though he did something so generous for your family. Even though he’s an amazing dad who adores his daughters and treats them like princesses. If you’re so convinced Jax hasn’t changed, can’t change, why do you expect me to believe Raine is some fabulous new version of his former self?”

				Mimi stares at me, exasperated. Jamie plops down in the La-Z-Boy again and expels a puff of air in frustration.

				I walk over to the kitchen counter where Jamie has left the bottle of Jack Daniels and top off my drink. “Exactly,” I say. “You’re asking me to believe people are truly capable of change, something neither of you can do when it comes to Jax.”

				“I believe people can change,” Mimi huffs. “Jaxson just isn’t one of those people.”

				“I don’t.” Jamie’s voice sounds small and fragile. “Not really. Look at my parents. They never changed.”

				“We don’t know that about your dad.” Mimi tries to sound reassuring. “And Earlene, well at least she’s trying.”

				Jamie snorts. “Trying isn’t the same as changing, is it? It’s just a bunch of new broken promises. Let’s face it, my parents are complete fuck-ups and so am I.” Jamie slams back against the chair and stares at the ceiling. “What am I doing? I’m just fooling myself thinking I can be the kind of woman Miles deserves. You said it yourself, Mel. People don’t change.”

				Mimi squints at me and elbows me in the side. I get up and sit on the edge of the coffee table in front of Jamie.

				“Jamie, you’re an amazing person. It’s been remarkable to see the change in you. But this isn’t about Miles. He may be the impetus for your change, but this is you. This is who you’ve always been. This is the girl who was buried beneath the scarred tissue. Miles just helped you peel away those charred layers to reveal the person you’ve always been, who we always knew you were.”

				“We’re practically family.” Jamie’s words come out in a muffled half laugh, half cry. “You’re supposed to say nice things about me.”

				“It also happens to be true, honey.” Mimi smiles.

				Jamie smiles in return and wipes her eyes with the sleeve of Miles’s sweatshirt.

				I walk over to the window. It’s dark and cold outside. The streets are filled with slushy, gray snow. I turn back to Jamie. “I didn’t really mean it. I was just angry. People can change.” Then I look at Mimi. “I’ll talk to Raine. I promise to listen to his side of the story. Just not tonight.”

				They both look relieved. Jamie heads to the kitchen counter and pours herself another drink.

				“It’s a good thing I’m not working tonight. And by the way, I’m crashing on your couch.” She takes a long sip of her drink then picks up the cable remote. “What’s on tonight anyway?”

				Mimi stands and grabs her purse. “I wish I could stay and hang out with you guys, but I’ve gotta get home. Mom’s been watching the boys all week because Marcus has been taking on some contract work. He’s really excited about it. To be honest, I don’t think he’s been this happy in a while.”

				“Happy? I thought Marcus only did slightly amused.” Jamie imitates his voice, expression and mannerisms. We all laugh, but Mimi throws a pillow at her.

				“We’re glad to hear it,” I say. “Sounds like you’ll be back at home again in no time.”

				Mimi pauses, arms folded, chin resting on her fisted hand. “I’ve been thinking about it and I don’t want to be stay-at-home mom. I’d like to be a work-at-home mom. You know, make my design business official.”

				“That’s a great idea,” Jamie says. “You did an excellent job here and on Miles’s place. Even his highbrow bitch of a mother was impressed.”

				“Thank you and be nice.” Mimi points a finger at her. It’s a refrain Jamie’s been hearing for years. She turns to me. “What do you think? Am I just being silly?”

				“Of course not. You’re certainly good enough to do it, but running a business takes a lot of work. Are you prepared for that?”

				A broad smile lights up her entire face. “I am. I want this more than anything I’ve wanted my whole life.”

				“Then I believe in you. Now you’d better get home to that happy, hardworking man of yours and give him a little reward.” I slap her on the behind and smirk.

				“You two are circus-worthy clowns, you know that? Good night!” She heads for the door.

				I follow her and hug her. “Thanks for coming by tonight. You’re the best sister a girl could ask for, and I love you. I don’t tell you that enough.”

				Mimi smiles. “Love you, too.”





		 			 				Chapter Twenty-Six

				It’s Wednesday afternoon, and I’ve been dodging Raine’s calls for three days. I know I promised Mimi and Jamie I would hear him out, that I wouldn’t let this drag on forever. But every time the phone rings, I think of something else I should be doing. So I don’t answer it. He’s left me ten messages already.

				I sit in my office, door closed, reviewing Crain’s for prospects when Leslie knocks on my door then ducks inside my office and quickly shuts the door behind her.

				“You have a visitor.” She shifts her weight from one foot to the other.

				“What’s wrong? Is it that Delveccio guy again?”

				Leslie shakes her head vehemently. “No. It’s...it’s Autumn Montgomery.”

				“The Autumn Montgomery?”

				Leslie nods fervently. Her ponytail shifts on the back of her head.

				I stand. “You’ve gotta be kidding me. If she’s here, photographers can’t be far behind.”

				“Those aren’t photographers.” Leslie sneers. “They’re the goddamned paparazzi. Piranhas and bottom feeders who make their living off other people’s pain.”

				I sigh. “This is what I get for not talking to Raine. I don’t know what I should or shouldn’t say.”

				“Do you want me to send her away? I don’t care how rich she is, I’ll send that scrawny waif packing.”

				I laugh, despite the fact that it feels like a hole is burning its way through the lining of my stomach. I rifle through my desk, looking for an antacid. “No, that won’t be necessary. Just give me five minutes. Then send her in.”

				“Okay,” Leslie says. It’s more of a question.

				I pop a couple of Tums in my mouth and give her a reassuring nod. Then I sit back in my chair and steady myself for what’s to come.

				Five minutes later, Leslie ushers Autumn Montgomery through the door. “Melanie Gordon, this is Autumn Montgomery,” Leslie announces. Her speech is unusually formal. “Ms. Montgomery, this is Melanie Gordon.”

				Autumn is wearing oversized, dark shades and a tan crocheted hat pulled to one side of her head. A fur-trimmed Prada anorak and a pair of Christian Louboutin over-the-knee tan suede boots complete the look. In person she appears even thinner than she does on the hundreds of tabloid covers she’s draped across in a typical year. Her skin is pale and translucent. I can see the blue veins in her tiny, childlike wrists, dripping with platinum and diamonds. Two sets of diamond studs are in each ear. Another small diamond stud is in her left nostril. A large diamond pendant dangles from a platinum herringbone chain, which decorates her narrow throat. Her earrings alone are probably worth more than I’ll make in five years.

				I stand and smile at her politely as I reach out to shake her hand. Autumn assesses me carefully. Perhaps she’s valuing the worth of my attire, as I’ve just done hers. Hopefully I’ve done it more discreetly. She sticks her bony, cold hand in mine and lightly shakes my fingertips. It’s the worst of all handshakes. The kind that keeps job candidates from getting hired. I try to ignore it.

				“Good to meet you, Ms. Montgomery,” I say. “How can I help you?”

				“It’s good to finally meet you, Melanie. I’ve heard a lot about you.” She takes a look around the office. “Is it okay if I sit down?”

				“Yes, of course. Can I offer you coffee, tea or a bottle of water?”

				“It’s freezing here.” She rubs her hands together. “I’d love a cup of tea. I don’t care what kind. Just something with caffeine. Lots of it.”

				“Would you mind?” I ask Leslie.

				“Of course not.” She finally takes her eyes off Autumn. “I’ll bring you both a cup.”

				My attention returns to Autumn. I can tell she’s staring at me beneath the dark shades.

				I want to ask what she wants again, but I don’t want to seem rude. Unlike Leslie, I don’t think it’s a great idea to piss off the rich and powerful. At least, not without good reason. So far she hasn’t given me one. Nor has she given me the reason for her visit.

				“So, you’re probably not used to the cold weather.” I lean back in my chair.

				“Oh, I go skiing all over the world. I just couldn’t imagine living somewhere where it’s so cold, like, every day.”

				I hold back a smirk. “It’s just a few months a year. It gets quite hot here in the summer.”

				“Oh. Well, that’s good, I guess.” Autumn scans the walls and my desk. She’s stalling. I’m not quite sure why, but I don’t like it.

				We shoot the breeze, talking about unbelievably trivial matters. Finally Leslie returns with our tea.

				“Thanks!” Autumn clutches the cup. She sips the hot liquid. “I’m so damned cold I can barely think. How long before you heat up again?”

				“Not long.” Perhaps her seeming inability to get warm is connected to her rumored drug use and the fact that she weighs little more than a bird. Or maybe she’s more like a snake than those tabloid headlines could ever imagine. Her gaunt body seems to be regulated by the temperature of her environment. “Feeling better?”

				Autumn nods. She practically drains her cup then sets it on the edge of my desk, along with her shades. The sunglasses aren’t just part of the routine camouflage celebrities don to hide their famous faces whenever they leave home. Autumn’s shades mask her red-rimmed eyes and the dark circles underneath them. She adjusts herself in the chair and straightens her tiny skirt. “I guess you know I’m Beau’s sister,” she says finally.

				I nod matter-of-factly. “That god-awful reporter who came here told me as much.”

				“I’m sorry you had to find out that way. It must’ve been quite a shock.”

				“It was.” I maintain a straight face. No show of emotions. Just the facts, ma’am. “Is that why your brother sent you here? To soften the blow?”

				“Beau? God, no! He’d never send one of us. He thinks we’re circus freaks or something. Sometimes I think he’s right.”

				“Then why...how did you know about me? And how’d you know I found out about your brother? I haven’t even told him.”

				“I’ve known about you, like, forever. Though at first, I didn’t really know your name. Just that my brother had a major crush on you. I tried to get him to ask you on a real date, but he always came up with a million lame-ass excuses.” She waves her hands dramatically as she speaks. “I was glad when he finally told you how he felt.”

				“You’ll have to excuse me,” I say. “This is weird for me. You talk like you know everything about me and your brother. Before Monday I didn’t know anything about you.”

				“He never told you about his brother and sisters?” She raises one eyebrow and reaches for her cup of tea again.

				“He did mention his siblings. He just never said you were his sister.”

				She nods. “I know he’s stealthy about his connection to our family. Half the time, who could blame him? But please don’t hold that against him. Beau’s a real stand-up guy. He’s worth more than the entire fucking bunch of Montgomeries put together, karmically speaking, that is. Money? He doesn’t care so much about money anymore.” She holds her head in her hand. “You got an aspirin or something?”

				I nod and rummage through my desk, which has become a mini-medicine chest. There are tampons, Advil, cold medicines, antacids, chalky, pink Pepto-Bismol and aspirin powders. I open the packet and hand a wax paper of powder to her. “Need some water?”

				Autumn looks into her teacup. Not a drop. She nods, barely, as if each slight movement of her head is setting off firecrackers inside her skull.

				I dial Leslie and ask her to bring in a glass of water and some more tea for Autumn. She returns with the glass of water.

				“Thanks, Liza!” Autumn grabs the cup and sets it on the desk.

				Leslie tries her best to hold back a sneer.

				“It’s Leslie,” I say.

				“Leslie,” Autumn corrects herself. “I’m sorry. It’s just that my head is killing me. I can barely think straight.”

				Leslie’s countenance softens and her shoulders relax. “I’ll be back with your tea in a few minutes.”

				Autumn carefully opens the waxy paper and lays it out on the desk. I half expect her to close one nostril and sniff the powdery substance into the other. She doesn’t. She holds the paper in a V, tilts her head back and juts her pink, pierced tongue out. She lets the powder slide onto her tongue and then quickly retracts it. The acrid taste of the medicine causes her to grimace. Her tiny features scrunch into a scowl. Autumn grabs the cup of water and takes a few gulps. She sets the clear plastic cup on a coaster on the edge of my desk.

				“Now, where were we?” she says.

				“I was asking how you knew I’d discovered Raine’s real identity. And I hope you were going to tell me why you came here, if it wasn’t because your brother sent you.”

				She nods. A courtesy extended to my fraying nerves. “Delveccio called.”

				“Called whom? You? Raine?”

				“Me. I called Beau immediately. He said that had to be why you weren’t taking his calls. He wanted to hop on a plane and fly right back here, but he has meetings scheduled all week with his board and several potential donors. He couldn’t afford not to be there. This is a huge fundraising period for his organization.”

				“So he does know. He didn’t indicate that he knew in the voice messages he left.”

				“Then you did listen to my brother’s messages.” I recognize the hopeful glint in those bloodshot eyes. It’s the same one my sister had.

				I nod reluctantly. “Yes, I listened to them.”

				“Well, it’s not the sort of conversation you want to have via a one-sided voice mail.” Autumn shrugs.

				I narrow my eyes at her. Some choice words come to mind, but I restrain myself.

				“Maybe Beau didn’t tell you everything about who he was, but he’s the most genuine person you’re ever gonna meet. What you see is what you get. It’s not an act. He’s not running a game on you, Melanie. It’s simple—he’s a terrific guy. I only hope I’ll meet someone half as good as my brother. Instead of these assholes I keep ending up with.” Her features twist in anguish. “Consider yourself lucky.”

				Autumn is indignant on behalf of her brother. She tries her best to conceal it. She’s about as successful as she was when she tried to smuggle an Hermès handbag out of the store underneath her coat two years ago. The story was fodder for the tabloids for a month.

				I nod, a simple demonstration that I heard her, not that I accept her assessment of her brother as correct. I pick up my lukewarm tea and take a sip, buying time while I think of a way to respond.

				Autumn uncrosses her legs and leans forward in her seat. “As to your second question, I’m here because I love my brother more than anyone in the world. And he loves you. So, if there’s anything I can do to ensure his happiness, well, then, I’m gonna do it. Even if it means hopping a plane and trekking halfway across the freaking country with just three hours of sleep. Because I know he’d do anything for me.” A tear leaks from the corner of her reddened eye. She wipes it angrily, with the back of her hand.

				Normally the sight of tears has me grabbing for a Kleenex tissue, even if the tears are being shed in a corny television commercial. But I’m unmoved by Autumn’s “performance.” I don’t doubt she loves her brother and that he’s been as wonderful to her as she says. But this woman and her sister would do just about anything for sympathy or attention. Even cry on command.

				“I haven’t made any decisions yet,” I say coolly. “I’m just weighing my options.”

				Autumn stops mid-sniff and stares at me intensely. “Weighing your options? What does that mean? And how can you weigh your options when you haven’t even given Beau a fair chance to defend himself? You at least owe him that.”

				“I don’t owe anyone anything.” I sit a bit taller in my seat. “I only owe it to myself to do what’s in my best interest.”

				Autumn leans back in the chair and crosses her legs. Her arms are folded across her chest. “And what exactly is in your best interest?”

				I shrug. “I don’t know yet.”

				Autumn’s cheeks turn red. Her eyebrows furrow. “This is about the money, isn’t it? That piece-of-shit Delveccio offered you a mint for an exclusive interview, and you’re considering it, aren’t you?” She stands up suddenly and paces the space between my desk and the guest chairs. “This is exactly why my brother doesn’t tell people who he is!”

				I’m stunned into silence, watching the tiny sprite dart back and forth in front of my desk, her arms flying as she speaks. “Don’t be ridiculous,” I finally say. “You claim your brother spoke so highly of me. How could you think I’d be capable of something like that?”

				Autumn watches me. She can see I’m genuinely shocked by her accusation. Her expression softens. She covers her face with her hands and slides back into her chair. “I’m sorry,” she says. “It’s just...I can’t tell you how many boyfriends, nannies and friends were willing to sell my family out for a payday. You come to expect it.”

				My lips are drawn into a thin tightrope, my eyes closed to near slits. As angry as I am that she’d accuse me of running to reporters in hopes of doing a four-page spread for five figures, I can understand why she’d jump to conclusions.

				I can’t imagine what life must be like for them. People clamoring to be part of their entourage for the parties, free booze and an opportunity to rub elbows with B- and C-list celebs. All the time they’re lying in wait for the inevitable—the day they’re no longer part of the glamorous life of the Montgomeries. Then they sell their tales, photos and archived text messages to the highest bidder, grabbing money, three minutes of fame and a few appearances on entertainment shows for themselves.

				“I accept your apology,” my lips say. Though I’m not quite sure I mean it. “And to be clear, I would never do that—spill everything to some rag for a few bucks and a few minutes of fame. Even if I didn’t care deeply for your brother.”

				A smile creeps across her thin, pale lips. “So you do care for my brother,” she says. “Then you have to know that not telling you was killing him.”

				I raise an eyebrow.

				“Believe me, he wanted to tell you sooner. It’s just that...” Autumn tucks a few strands of her bleached-blond extensions behind her ear. She takes a deep breath. “It was me. I told him he shouldn’t, not until he was sure how you felt about him.”

				I narrow my eyes. My shoulders tense.

				“I guess that’s why I’m here. This is my fault. The one time he relies on me for advice and I completely fuck everything up. If he hadn’t listened to me he would’ve told you a long time ago.”

				I place my hands flat on my desk and straighten my shoulders and back, pulling in my stomach. I’m intensely aware of the warm breath flowing in and out of my nostrils, my lips still pursed tightly shut. I avoid Autumn’s eyes; instead I focus on the pictures of my family perched on the corner of my desk. I wish my father were here to give me advice. At this point, I’d even take advice from my mother.

				“Say something. Anything. Call me a meddling bitch. Tell me you hate me. Give me the finger, whatever. But please, don’t hold this against my brother. Please don’t say you can’t forgive him. I couldn’t stand that and I don’t think he could either.”

				“I don’t hate you, Autumn. I don’t even know you,” I say. “You said you don’t know who to trust, that people you’ve loved have turned on you. Well, I’ve been disappointed by people I trusted, too. So you’ll forgive me if I needed to take some time to evaluate the situation.”

				Autumn clears her throat and squirms in her seat. She uncrosses her legs then recrosses them. She breaks the silence.

				“I’m sorry about everything that happened. I don’t blame you for being pissed. But Beau’s intention was never to deceive you. He just wanted to protect himself, and you, from people like Delveccio.”

				“Fuck!” I say. “Delveccio! All those pictures he shot of me. The pictures he took of us at the game. They’re going to end up all over some tabloid, aren’t they?”

				“Don’t worry about Delveccio.” Autumn leans forward in her seat. “I’ll take care of him.”

				I peer at her intently. “What do you mean, you’ll take care of him?”

				“Relax. I’m not going to have him whacked or anything, though the thought did occur to me.” My eyes widen. “Just joking!” she says. “Geez, my family is in the music business, not the Mafia.”

				I stare at her in a way that lets her know I don’t see the two entities as being that different.

				“Look, the point is, you won’t have to worry about him. So, will you please at least give my brother a chance to explain his side of the story?”

				“I’ll give him a chance to explain.”

				“You won’t regret it. My brother really does love you. I haven’t seen him this happy in a long time. Seems like he made you pretty happy, too.” She nods at the picture of us, still on the desk behind me.

				I look at the photo and remember how perfect that weekend was. How perfect everything had been until a few days ago. “Being with Raine does make me happy.” I sigh. But I don’t know if I can be happy with Beau Montgomery.

				“Well, I know you’re busy. I won’t take any more of your time.” Autumn picks up her oversized Zac Posen bag, rises to her feet and slings the bag over her narrow shoulder. I could practically stuff her inside that bag.

				I stand to escort her to the door. She stops suddenly and I nearly run into her.

				She rummages inside her bag and pulls out a platinum business card holder studded with diamonds that spell out her initials: AM. She flips it open and hands me three of her business cards. The cards are made of crisp, white linen and the letters, emblazoned in black, hot pink and purple, are raised.

				“Call me if you ever wanna, you know, talk or anything,” she says. “I’m not as bad as people think. Really.”

				I stare at the card for a moment then nod. “Sure. Okay. Thanks.” I reach past her and open the door. “I will.”

				I follow her through the reception area and to the outside door. She pauses again and turns back to Leslie.

				“It was nice to meet you, Leslie. And the tea was wonderful.”

				An involuntary smile spreads across Leslie’s face. It seems all is forgiven. “You’re welcome, Ms. Montgomery,” she says. “Nice meeting you, too.”

				Autumn turns to me. She bites her lip and scrunches her face up. “I’m going back home today, but I’d love it if we could go to lunch or dinner, or whatever, one day. Get to know each other a little bit.”

				My shoulders tense. Before I can speak, she cuts me off.

				“I guess I figured if you got to know one of us, maybe the idea of being with my brother...maybe one day being one of us...maybe it won’t seem so scary.”

				I look over at Leslie. She’s nodding like a bobblehead doll.

				“Sure. Maybe,” I say. “Let me talk to your brother first, see where things stand.”

				“Good. Have your people call my people.” She winks at Leslie.

				“Give me a call. We’ll make it happen.” Leslie hands Autumn one of her cards then gives me a smug nod.

				There’s no way I can win with both of them conspiring against me. “Until then. Just make sure you get some rest,” I tell her. I think about Jamie during her partying days. She subsisted on little more than vodka, beer and potato chips. It was a miracle if she got four hours of sleep per night.

				“You sound like Beau.” Autumn leans in quickly to give me an awkward hug. She feels thin and frail. Her hair smells like it could use a good wash. The scent of day-old booze is on her breath. My anger subsides. I no longer see her as Raine’s meddling, privileged sister, but as a kid who could use some guidance. I feel sorry for her. I want to hug her and tell her everything will be all right then make her a good meal.

				Autumn slips out of the embrace, opens the front door and is gone before I’ve had a chance to react. I sink into the reception area couch, spent.

				“This is crazy, right?” Leslie comes from behind her desk and sits on the couch next to me. “First we’ve got paparazzi taking photos of you. Now a celebrity visits our office. This is insane!”

				“Completely insane,” I agree. “It’s all too much. Even if I can get past this with Raine, is this what our life together would be like? Dodging paparazzi on the way to the grocery store? If so, I don’t think I can handle it. I don’t think I want to.”

				Leslie nods. “Yeah, it’s kind of a crazy life, I guess,” she says. “But that’s part of the trade-off for fortune and fame. Celebrities understand that. It’s part of the deal.”

				“But it isn’t my deal,” I say. “I didn’t sign up for this. I fell for a guy who was trying to save the world. I didn’t sign up to be part of the friggin’ Montgomery family circus.” I stand and pace the floor, my arms folded.

				Leslie watches me with sympathy, though I know she can’t understand how I feel. She always says she’d love to be a reality star. This’d be a dream come true for her. “So, I guess the question is, do you really like this guy?”

				I stop pacing. “Of course I like him. I wouldn’t be seeing him if I didn’t.”

				“Do you love this guy?”

				“No. I mean, I like him. A lot, but...” My voice trails off. Her simple question sends my pulse racing. My chest tightens, and there is a fluttering in my belly. I run my tongue along my suddenly parched lower lip before gently sinking my teeth into it. “Maybe I could love him eventually. I don’t know.”

				“I think you do know.” Leslie walks over to me. “Didn’t you say you’ve had a thing for this guy for a while?”

				“Yes.” I nod, twisting the class ring on my right hand.

				“Does he make you happy?”

				An involuntary smile creeps across my lips. I finally meet her gaze. “More than anyone ever has. When we’re together I know he wants to be with me and no one else. I feel the same way about him.”

				A broad smile ripples through every feature of Leslie’s face. “You sound like a woman in love to me.”

				“I sound like a gushing teenager.” I bury my face in my hands. “I don’t know about being a woman in love, but I do want to give this a chance. Thank you.” I hug her. “You always know exactly what to say.”

				“That’s my job.” Her grin widens. “Speaking of which, I’d better get back to it.”

				“Me, too.” I haul myself to my feet and head toward my office. “Hold all my calls today, please. I don’t want to speak to anyone—unless, of course, it’s Raine. I think I’m finally ready to talk to him.”

				Leslie’s eyes gleam. “I’ll put him through right away.”





		 			 				Chapter Twenty-Seven

				It’s Friday night, and I’m on the couch sulking because Raine hasn’t called. The calls I dreaded I now crave.

				Somewhere in the back of my mind I always expected this relationship to fail. Long-distance relationships aren’t sustainable. One person must eventually sacrifice everything to be with the other.

				I’ve tried to relegate only a small portion of my heart to Raine so when everything went sideways I wouldn’t end up getting hurt. But his infectious smile, disarming sense of humor and big heart have broken through every defense I’ve managed to construct.

				I can barely breathe. My heart is being squeezed inside my chest. I miss him more than I ever thought I would.

				A few months ago I was okay with the fact that we wouldn’t be together. Now it feels like a piece of my heart is missing.

				Jamie, Mimi and Leslie say I should pick up the phone and call him since I’ve scared him off. Maybe they’re right. But while I’m ready to talk to him about this, I’m not ready to swallow my pride. After all, I’m not the one who’s been keeping secrets.

				So I’m righteously indignant and horribly alone. At work I’m distracted. At home I’m useless.

				I struggled with whether I could deal with his lack of honesty and the inconvenience of dating someone with a level of notoriety. Now I wonder how I can bear to be without him.

				My only plans for this weekend are to lie in bed waiting for the telephone to ring while eating and drinking my sorrows away. I’ve stocked up on tortilla chips, salsa, guacamole and wine coolers. I’m prepared to languish here until my alarm clock goes off at 7 a.m. on Monday morning.

				I lie in bed, staring at the ceiling, trying to will the phone to ring. It doesn’t.

				No position seems comfortable. I grab a pillow from the other side of the bed and wedge it behind my head. I think about him lying here just a few short days ago. Suddenly, I’m overwhelmed by tactile sensations—the warmth of his breath on my neck, the delicious tingle of his lips on my skin. My hand trembles as I slip it underneath my waistband to the throbbing pulse between my thighs. Strikingly vivid memories of our last night together swirl in my head. Tears sting my eyes. I squeeze them shut, imagining him here inside me, telling me how much he loves me.

				* * *

				I’m awakened by my cell phone at one o’clock in the morning. I reach for the phone but knock it onto the floor. When I pick it up I’ve already inadvertently accepted the call.

				The voice is muffled because I still haven’t gotten the phone to my ear.

				“Raine?”

				“No, ma’am,” an older gentleman says. “My name is Peter McKinsey and I’m calling from McKinsey’s bar in downtown Cleveland.”

				“How can I help you, Mr. McKinsey?”

				“I’m down here with a friend of yours, and he’s completely shit-faced, he is. I can’t let him drive himself home, and the obstinate fool refuses to take a cab. Wants you to come down here and pick him up.”

				“Is it Raine Mason?” I ask.

				“No, ma’am. This fella has been calling himself by the name of Jacks all night. Like there are two of ’im. But quite frankly, as much as he’s had tonight, he’s probably seeing two of ev’rythin’ right about now.”

				My eyes widen. Fully awake now, I shift to a seated position, pressing my back into the headboard. “Jaxson Payne?” I splutter, the words flying out of my mouth like missiles. Taking a deep breath, I try to collect myself. After all, there’s no point in taking it out on Mr. McKinsey, it’s Jaxson I’d like to strangle right now. “Why on earth is he calling me?”

				“Poor fella says he hasn’t anyone else to call. Only friend he’s got in the world is you, apparently. Anyway, he’s causing quite a disruption and if you can’t come pick him up, well, I understand that and all. But I can’t have him here singing, and removing his shoes and whatnot, and otherwise disturbing my patrons on one of me busiest nights of the week.”

				I let out an exasperated sigh as I mull this over. Mimi would kill me if she knew I was even considering riding in on a white horse and saving Jaxson’s ass. But if he gets arrested, he could lose his job with the Monarchs. That would be disastrous for both of us. Maybe for my sister, too. I can’t take that chance.

				I turn on a lamp and grab a pen and pad from the nightstand on my bed. “Fine. I’ll come and get him. Just tell me where you are, and I’ll be there in five minutes.”

				He gives me the address, then adds, “Dark red building on the right-hand side of the street when you’re heading uptown.”

				I stare at the address for a moment. My breath catches and my gaze darts from one corner to the darkened room to the other as the location of McKinsey’s becomes clear to me. Bottom lip curled, I practically snarl, “That’s right around the corner from me.”

				“Good,” the man says. “Because now he’s taking off his socks.”

				I hang up and get dressed. Then I trudge up the street to get Jaxson and take him home.





		 			 				Chapter Twenty-Eight

				Thank goodness no one has purchased the unit below mine. For the past half hour I’ve been stomping around my condo, wiping counters and clanging kitchen utensils.

				I clench my teeth and look over at Jax crumpled in an incoherent heap on my couch. I’ve never seen him this drunk.

				When I showed up at McKinsey’s and tried to put him in a cab, he wouldn’t go. Said all the cabbies were out to get him. I told him I’d drive him home. He kept saying he didn’t have a home, that he didn’t have shit. That I was his only friend in the world.

				I don’t know where he lives and I’m certainly not going to call Mimi at one-thirty in the morning to ask her. So what choice did I have? I brought Jax home to let him sleep it off on my couch.

				After straightening up the kitchen, I bring Jaxson a cold glass of water and three Advil. I set them on the coffee table and sit on the love seat across from him.

				He opens one eye and peeks through his fingers, which are covering his face. He sees the medicine on the table and slowly pulls himself upright. Apparently the movement is too much for his swooning equilibrium. He leans forward, his face in his hands, head between his knees.

				“If you throw up on my couch, I will fucking kill you,” I fume.

				“Somehow I feel that’s more than just a metaphor.” His voice echoes off the hardwood floor. He sits up slowly, grabs the pills and pops them into his mouth before gulping the cold liquid. He raises his hand to his forehead and winces. “Damn, that’s cold!”

				The right side of my mouth lifts in an evil smirk. “Poor baby. Does it hurt?”

				“Immensely.” He puts the glass down on the table and sinks back into the couch. “It feels like someone ran over my head.”

				“Good!” I practically scream. Jaxson recoils from the sound, covering his ears. “What the fuck were you thinking? You’re not in fucking college anymore! You’re a grown-ass man with a wife, two daughters and a sweet-ass job. Why would you pull a stunt like this? What if the local news had gotten wind of it? This stunt could’ve ended your career!”

				I stand and pace the floor.

				Jaxson holds his hands up. “I know, I know. It was a stupid thing to do and it’ll never happen again.”

				“What would possess you to do something like this?” I demand, my hands flying through the air as I speak. “I thought you were smarter than that, at least when it comes to your career.”

				“Sit down and I’ll explain,” he says. “Just please stop moving. There are, like, four of you running around poking your fingers at me. I feel like I’m on a bad acid trip.”

				I fall into my seat again, arms folded, staring across the table at him. “I’m sitting. Now tell me why you’d do something so stupid.”

				He leans forward on the edge of the seat, his head in his hands. Finally he raises his eyes to meet mine. “There’s something I need to tell you. Gina and I...we aren’t together anymore. Our divorce became final a few months ago.”

				I’ve played this moment out in my mind many times. Practiced what I’d say, how I’d react. Deliberated how much righteous indignation would be appropriate. I decide to go with option #4: virtually sincere empathy delivered with a hint of nonchalance.

				“I know.” I nod. “Sorry things didn’t work out.”

				“Of course you knew.” He nods, lips parted, as a glimmer of realization passes over his face. “I’ll bet Mimi and James gloated about that. The lousy cheater gets what he fucking deserves, right?”

				“Despite what happened between us, there are two beautiful little girls involved,” I say calmly. “I’d never wish this on anyone. Not even the man who stomped on my heart.” He grimaces as if I’ve kicked him in the stomach. “Besides, I thought we were beyond that. After all, you’re sitting on my couch, and apparently I’ve graduated to being ‘the only friend you’ve got left in the world.’”

				Jaxson shakes his head. “Sorry I dragged you into this, kid. I’m just...I’m not myself tonight.”

				“Because of the divorce?”

				“That’s partly it.”

				I raise an eyebrow and edge closer to the end of my seat. “Okay. So what else is going on? Why’re you jeopardizing your career by acting like a moronic college freshman?”

				Jax climbs to his feet, sways then steadies himself on the arm of the sofa. He takes deliberate steps over to the love seat and sinks into the cushion next to me.

				I shift my body to face him. “Well?”

				“I love Gina,” Jaxson says. The words are measured. I can hear a “but” hanging in the air, ready to come crashing down on both our heads. “But things have been going south for us for a long time. We tried to keep it together for the sake of the girls.”

				“What happened? With you and Gina, I mean?” I want to know. Need to know.

				Things didn’t work out between us because I was never enough for him. I was the kind of girl the Jaxson Paynes of the world passed the time with until an arm-candy trophy wife like Gina came along. I was plain and simple, low-maintenance. The kind of girl who’s easy to live with, but not the kind of girl who could satisfy the “star player” ego of Jaxson Payne. He needed someone like Gina. Gorgeous. Ultra-feminine. Borderline diva. Flawless manicure and pedicure with no visible chips. Eyebrows arched with a precision that would make Michelangelo proud. Hair that always looked like she’d stepped straight out of the salon. Wearing an ensemble that looked like she’d robbed one of the mannequins at Saks.

				Gina was perfectly Jaxson. So why wasn’t she good enough? Why’d he leave her?

				Jaxson leans his head back on the couch and folds his hands over his stomach. “The thing about cheating with someone is you don’t realize how likely it is they’ll one day cheat on you.”

				“Oh.” So Gina had decided Jax wasn’t enough, either. Or perhaps she just found someone who was more. Either way, it doesn’t make me feel better. Not the way I thought it would. Maybe I would’ve felt vindicated, gleeful even, before we’d gotten reacquainted. Now the victory feels pretty hollow as I think of how Casey and Madison must miss their father. “Sorry,” I mumble, not knowing what else to say.

				He looks at me, unconvinced, his mouth twisted in a scowl.

				“Really. I mean it.”

				He adjusts himself on the love seat and turns to face me. “I’m sorry things didn’t work out between me and Gina, but the truth is...I never stopped loving you.”

				My throat tightens. I open my mouth to speak, but no sound escapes. It’s just as well. I doubt I’d be able to string together a coherent sentence.

				Jaxson places his large hand and thick fingers on my arm. His hand seems to be radiating volcanic heat, which rises up my arm and flows into my chest. I find it difficult to breathe. Like I’m in a sauna and someone splashed water on the coals.

				“I’ve been thinking about you a lot since Mimi came to work for me. Every time I looked at her, I thought of you. Of us. I’ve missed you.” He raises his eyes to mine, a hopeful look on his face.

				Pulling my arm from his grip, I shift my body forward, feet planted on the floor. Suddenly my head hurts. I reach for the bottle of Advil, pop two then wash it down with the remainder of Jax’s glass of water.

				“I made a huge mistake and I’m sorry,” he continues. “But we should be together. I know that now.”

				“Don’t say that.” I move quickly from the love seat to the sofa. “You don’t just get to be sorry and then everything’s okay.” I scoot back on the couch, regarding him with the wide-eyed wonderment that should be reserved for three-headed cattle or men from Mars. “Our time has passed. Let it go.”

				“Us running into each other now, the way we did... It has to mean something.”

				“Don’t tell me it’s fate or destiny or some shit like that. We had our shot, and you fucking blew it.” I can barely get the words out. My hands are shaking and the sound of my heart racing fills my ears. “I spent years hating Gina, but she did me a favor by stealing you. I deserve better.”

				Jaxson tries to stand but sinks back into the deep cushions of the love seat. I stare at him, daring him to move one inch closer.

				“Maybe you’re right. Maybe it wouldn’t have worked back then, no matter what. I had to grow up to be the man you deserved. A man like your father.”

				His words slam into my chest, squeezing out every cubic inch of air. Tears sting my eyes and make their way down my cheeks. “How dare you bring my father into this!”

				Jaxson places his hands flat against the coffee table and thrusts himself up, gaining enough momentum to stand. He holds his arms out like he’s surfing until he feels steady again. He makes his way to the couch and sits, leaving a small space between us. “Your dad was a good man. I’ve always looked up to him. Growing up, my dad was never around. Yours was my first real male role model. I didn’t realize how much I admired him until he was gone. When I got married and had a daughter on the way, I knew I wanted to be like him. I wanted my little girls to look up at me with those big, brown, adoring eyes and love me the same way you loved him.”

				“Why are you telling me this?” I’m shaking. Tears flow down my cheeks.

				Jaxson puts his hand on my shoulder. I flinch. He reaches out again to touch my hand, and I let him.

				“I wanted to tell you about the divorce. That I’d give anything to have another shot at us. By the time I got the nerve, I showed up here and you were making out with some dude on the elevator. I’d missed my opportunity. I won’t do that again.”

				“Is that why you were drinking tonight? Because...because...” I can’t fix my mouth to say the words. I’m afraid of what will happen if I say them aloud.

				“I love you.” Jax grips my shoulders. “And I know you still have feelings for me, too. We’ve been given an amazing opportunity here. Let’s not waste it.”

				He leans in closer, his face inches from mine. The smell of vodka is overpowering. The flood of emotions is unbearable. I want to slap him, shove him away. But I don’t.

				This is the Jaxson I always knew was there. The one I’d waited years for.

				“Give me a chance to make things right. To be the man you deserve.”

				He closes the remaining space between us and places his lips on mine. My mind goes numb for a moment before I realize I’m kissing him back. Finding comfort in his familiarity and our shared history.

				Jaxson’s hands slide up my shoulders and neck. He cradles the back of my head as he kisses me. I relax into his arms, lost in his kisses and the warmth of his body against mine. Memories of sweet moments shared ages ago reel through my head.

				I love you, Melanie.

				The voice I hear in my head doesn’t belong to Jaxson Payne. Flashes of the moment Raine uttered those words are as unexpected as a naughty photo slipped between the slides of a high school science presentation.

				Back in this moment, with Jax sliding his tongue down my throat, my stomach churns and I feel light-headed. Wedging my hands between us, I drive them into his chest, breaking the kiss. I’m shaking as I wipe the taste of vodka and olives from my guilty lips.

				“I can’t do this.” I shake my head, pulling free from his grip. I scramble off the couch and take a few steps back. “Not again.”

				“How often do we get a do-over in life?” he says. “A chance to make things right?”

				The idea that the universe has conspired to bring us together at the precise moment in time we were ready for each other also occurred to me. A little part of me even wondered if Delveccio showing up in my office that day was the universe telling me that Raine wasn’t the man for me. But that was in a brief moment of insanity. Right now all I can think of is Raine. I don’t care about his past. Just as I no longer care about the past Jax and I once shared.

				“Maybe that’s best,” I say. “Four years was enough. We just don’t work, you and I.”

				“And you and Beau Montgomery do?”

				“How do you know about that?” I nearly choke on the words.

				“Priscilla mentioned it at lunch yesterday.”

				“Priscilla knows?” I’m struck with a sense of panic. She wasn’t in the office when Delveccio or Autumn were there.

				How the hell does she know about Raine being Beau Montgomery?

				“You’re making a huge mistake, one as big as I made when I...when I ruined things for us. Don’t make a rash choice you’ll regret later. Please.” His red-rimmed eyes implore me.

				“I won’t,” I say calmly. “That’s why you’re going to sleep this off right here on the couch, and I’m going into my bedroom and lock the door.”

				He pouts, his head in his hands.

				“You’ve had way too much to drink tonight, Jaxson,” I say. “Don’t worry. You probably won’t even remember any of this in the morning. Just try and get some sleep.”

				He stands, agitated. “You think I’m only saying this because I’m drunk? Well, you’re wrong. Deep down, you know I mean every word.”

				I don’t reply. I stare at the floor and massage my throbbing temples.

				“I love you and I know you still love me.” He reaches for me, but I edge a few steps backward. He’s unable to keep up with my sudden movement.

				“What we had is in the past. It’s over. Done.” I look at him intently, my voice firm. “I’m glad we crossed paths again. I needed to let go of all of the anger and resentment, and I have. I’m glad we can be friends and go out for a cup of coffee. But that’s all I can offer you. I’m with someone else now.”

				Jaxson sits down on the couch, holding his head in his hands again. He doesn’t say anything for a minute. Then he looks at me. “Do you love him?”

				“My relationship with Raine isn’t your business.” I walk over to the window and look into the dark, cold streets. The neon lights from a few restaurants and bars glow on the wet pavement. A noisy group of people makes its way toward a bar.

				“How can you trust this guy anymore? If he wouldn’t even tell you his real name, who the hell knows what else he’s hiding?”

				My stomach burns. I wonder if I’m developing an ulcer. “My love life isn’t your concern. Stay out of it.”

				“Not if there’s a chance you still care about me, about us,” he insists.

				“There isn’t.” I look him squarely in the eye, standing with my spine straighter than a steel rod. I cross my arms and inch closer to him. “You say things are different now and you’re right. You’re a better man than you were when we were together. But friendship is the extent of our relationship. If you can’t respect that, it would be better if we didn’t see each other anymore.”

				“Okay, fine,” he concedes, eyes downcast. He forces his words out through clenched teeth. “You’re with Beau Montgomery now. I have to respect that.”

				“Thank you.” I ignore the Beau reference. “Now, let’s make up your bed.”

				Jax stands and unfolds the blanket. “Thank you for letting me crash here. I shouldn’t have put you in this position.”

				“No, you shouldn’t have.” I help him arrange the covers. “But everyone’s entitled to a mistake or two. Just don’t make it a habit.”

				“You don’t have to worry about that.” He grabs his head. “Can’t hold my liquor so well anymore.”

				“That’s a good thing,” I say. “Believe me.”

				Jax tosses the pillow onto the sofa. He eases onto the couch, still nursing his head. “I’ll be out of here before you wake up.”

				After wishing him good night, I tell Jax to lock up when he leaves. I go back to my bedroom alone and try to get some sleep, amid memories of Raine.





		 			 				Chapter Twenty-Nine

				Sunlight spills through the curtains and warms my face. I roll over and look at the clock. It’s a little after nine. I stretch, staring at the ceiling. Then I remember. Jax is on my couch.

				Maybe if I lie here a bit longer he’ll be gone and I won’t have to deal with this anymore. I’ve got enough going on: a long-distance boyfriend with a dual identity and a family of famous, drugged-out attention whores. The last thing I need is a blast from my past trying to rekindle a love affair that’d probably send me to a padded room in a straitjacket this time around.

				I sit up against the headboard, hugging my knees to my chest. I’ve gone from zero love life to one complicated enough to land me on a soap opera.

				How could I let Jax kiss me? I cringe. My stomach churns to think of it, but I still have feelings for him.

				“He isn’t good enough for you, Melanie. He never was.” I hear Mimi’s voice echoing in my ears. She was right then. But Jax isn’t the same person anymore. He’s responsible, considerate, a doting father. All the things my mother said he could never be.

				I slide my feet into my slippers and shuffle into the bathroom to brush my teeth.

				Jaxson isn’t an issue, once I get him off my couch. My concern is Raine. We need to sort this out. I’ll call him as soon as it’s a decent hour in San Francisco. Thankful for the time difference, I practice what I’ll say in my head. Then I head down the hall to get rid of Jaxson.

				The sheets and blanket are folded with the pillow sitting on top. Jax is gone. Thank goodness!

				“Hey, stranger,” a familiar voice croons.

				A man wearing a tweed jacket with leather elbow patches stands in the corner, looking out the window. But it isn’t Jaxson.

				“Raine?”

				He turns and gives me a slight smile. Inching toward me cautiously, he runs a hand over his shaved head. “What do you think? Is it me?”

				“What are you doing here? And what happened to—”

				“Jaxson? He was on his way out when I arrived.”

				“Actually, I was going to ask what happened to your hair.” I edge a few steps closer. “And about Jaxson, I know how this must look, but it isn’t what you think.”

				Raine crosses the living room and takes my hands in his. His warm, gray eyes lock with mine. “You don’t have to explain.”

				“I want to,” I insist. “I don’t want you to get the wrong idea about me and him. I know he keeps popping up, but there’s nothing going on between us. He was out-of-his-head drunk last night and he needed a place to crash. That’s all.”

				“I know.” Raine nods. “He told me.”

				“And you believed him? The story sounds ridiculous, even to me. And I was there.”

				Raine smiles feebly. There is sadness in his eyes. I’ve never seen him like this. “Life’s crazy,” he says. “It’s the stories that are too neat and perfect you can’t trust.”

				“Yeah, I guess.” I shift uncomfortably. “Can I get you something? Coffee maybe?” I take a step back, gently pulling my hand from his. “There isn’t a hell of a lot in here, but I could make us some French toast or something.”

				“Sure, coffee and French toast sound good.”

				“Great.” I’m thankful for something to do. Now I won’t have to sit idly, with no way to hide the expression on my face as he tells me the secret he’s been hiding. The one I thought I wanted to hear.

				Raine follows me into the kitchen. He stands between me and the refrigerator. “I’ve missed you.” His voice is soft and low. “How’ve you been?”

				“Okay,” I say. “Better now. I’ve missed you, too.”

				Raine takes me in his arms and hugs me. I try not to hug him, but the heat from his body envelops me like an electric blanket. His warmth comforts me. His scent fills my nostrils. I relax in his arms, wrapping mine around his waist, underneath his jacket.

				It’s been less than a week since I felt his heartbeat against mine. But right now there seems to be so much time and distance between us.

				“Does this mean you don’t hate me?” Raine pulls back, his eyes searching mine. I’m reluctant to be separated, yet to get my fill of his warmth and scent.

				“I don’t hate you. I’m hurt because you didn’t trust me enough to tell me the truth.”

				He cringes, cheeks flushed, and lowers his head without response.

				“You said I could tell you anything. And I did. Why couldn’t you trust me the way I trusted you?” My voice rises, something I didn’t expect. I hoped I was past the initial anger.

				Raine takes my hand and leads me to the couch, where we sit. He holds both my hands in his. “I never meant to hurt you and it’s not that I didn’t trust you. It’s just...I am Raine Mason, the man you know and care for. I was afraid you wouldn’t want me if you knew I was some washed-up teen ‘heartthrob.’ Part of the crazy Montgomery family. I’ve spent the last two decades getting past the reputation I had back then. I didn’t want anything to drag me back there. And I didn’t want my past to wreck my future with you.”

				“Were you ever going to tell me?”

				“I wanted to, so many times. But I needed to know that you felt as strongly about me as I do about you. Then I figured, no matter what, we’d get through it.”

				“That’s not fair—who says you get to make all the decisions in this relationship?”

				His shoulders fall, eyes cast downward for a moment before returning his gaze to mine. “I was wrong and I apologize. I hope you can forgive me, that we can move past this.”

				“I want to. I do. But you have to tell me the truth. About everything. Can you do that?”

				Raine closes his eyes and nods. “Ask me anything.”

				“Okay. So, let’s start with, why’d you do it?”

				“Change my name and go into hiding? Or cut my hair?” Raine laughs uncomfortably.

				“Both, I guess.”

				Raine walks over to the row of windows and stares down on the street, his back to me. He doesn’t say anything for a while, and neither do I. I let the silence hang between us like a thick fog, waiting for him to speak when he’s ready.

				He turns around and walks back to the love seat across from me and sits down, creating an uncomfortable space that scares me. Raine leans forward, his elbows on his knees. “I was born Rainbeau Mason Montgomery. My parents are Marshall and Liza Montgomery of Skye Records,” he says, his words almost an apology.

				I nod, encouraging him to continue.

				“Autumn, Summer and Skye Montgomery are my siblings. We started out with absolutely nothing. But we were a family and we were happy. There was always music in our house. Impromptu jam sessions. Sing-alongs. My parents were quintessential hippies.” An involuntary smile turns up the corner of his mouth. “After my dad started Skye Records, everything changed. By the time I was in my late teens, I spent most of my time partying, smoking and sleeping with just about any pretty girl I met.” He pauses, reluctant to continue. He waits for my reaction.

				I’m silent. I’d expected as much. Once I knew who he was, I remembered the stories about him basically being a man-whore. Most of his conquests were teenage celebrities or children of celebrities. The occasional commoner would also make it on the list. A waitress in a restaurant. A girl who worked at a ski shop in Aspen. A celeb-obsessed groupie.

				Though we’ve always practiced safe sex, the thought of all those women before me is disturbing. I try not to react to the news that I’m probably the 275th woman in his life. I bite my lip and nod.

				“Back then my face was all over the tabloids for everything from wrecking my Porsche to OD’ing.”

				“I remember that.” I scoot toward the edge of my seat. “They found you in a hotel room. You were barely alive.”

				He fiddles with his shirt cuff. “My shithead friends left me there, not wanting the heat. They called nine-one-one anonymously. Guess I should at least thank them for that.” Raine runs his hand over his head. He seems uncomfortable with the unfamiliar draft against his scalp.

				“How old were you then?”

				“Eighteen,” he says. “Even nearly dying didn’t make me stop. I got the phoenix on my back, convinced I was all but invincible, and went right back to the same friends, same lifestyle. My parents’ advice was to buy from someone they trusted. They hooked me up with the guy they’d been using for years.”

				I shudder, imagining parents whose drug message is to use higher quality drugs from a more “reliable” source. I try not to show my disdain. “It must have been tough not to fall into that lifestyle.”

				“It was. But it’s no excuse. We don’t accept it from poor kids selling crack on the corner in the projects. Why should it be acceptable from children of wealthy families?” He shakes his head. “It’s a bullshit excuse.”

				“So what made you give up the partying, the drugs?”

				Raine bites his lip, closes his eyes and buries his face in his hands. He takes a deep breath then sits up. The corners of his eyes are damp. He forces his eyes to meet mine. “When I was twenty I picked up this girl, Farrah Rose, at a club. We were both completely trashed. Weed, coke, Jack. Neither of us should have been walking, let alone driving. So, I’m taking her back to my place and the music is blaring and we’re messing around in the car.” He closes his eyes and swallows hard.

				My shoulders tense. I told Raine he could tell me anything. But I’m afraid of what he’ll say next. Afraid I won’t be able to get past it.

				“I was speeding, high, distracted. I looked away from the road. When I looked back I’d crossed the median and we were in the path of a tractor trailer. I overcorrected, sent the car careening down a ravine. We were ejected from the car. I landed in a patch of shrubs. Farrah wasn’t as lucky. She was thrown into a rock formation. She...she died instantly. Right there. On the side of the road, down a hill.” Raine puts his head in his hands again.

				“Oh my God.” I cover my mouth with one hand. The man I adore because he’s trying to save the world—is also responsible for this girl’s death. He never intended to kill that girl, but he did, just the same.

				Raine puts his head in his hands, racked with the guilt he’s carried nearly half his life. I have an overwhelming desire to take him in my arms and comfort him. Another part of me envisions a scarlet letter emblazoned on his chest. M for murderer, written in the blood of the girl who only wanted to go back home and brag to her friends that she’d fucked a celebrity.

				“You probably haven’t eaten anything today. Let me make you something.” He acknowledges my offer with a grateful nod. Wiping the corner of his eye with the back of his hand, he sinks into the couch. Reliving that awful night leaves him visibly shaken, a lifetime of regret etches deep furrows across his forehead.

				I go into the kitchen, open the fridge and take out milk, eggs and butter. Then I rummage through the cabinets for coffee, bread, cinnamon, nutmeg, sugar and maple syrup.

				I put on a pot of coffee, then start to beat the eggs.

				Raine moves to a stool at the breakfast bar. He pinches the bridge of his nose, his eyes squeezed shut.

				Silently, I focus on the task before me. I add milk to the bowl, pick up the whisk and begin beating the mixture.

				“Say something, anything,” he says finally.

				My eyes meet his for a moment before focusing on my mixing again. “I don’t really know what to say.” I shrug and begin adding the other ingredients. Cinnamon, nutmeg, sugar. Whisk, whisk, whisk.

				“I know it’s hard for you to hear this. That I’m responsible for this girl’s death. It kills me a little every day. But you wanted to know. You deserve to know.”

				I nod, not looking at him. Then I put a cast-iron frying pan on the stove. I slice two pats of butter and drop one in the skillet. “So what happened? When you...when the girl died? There had to be consequences.”

				“Hmm,” he says, accompanied by a derisive snort. “For everyday people, yes. For people like the Montgomerys...” He says this as if Montgomery blood isn’t coursing through his veins. “People with money and power have a way of averting consequences. Or dealing with them on their terms.”

				“So how’d your parents deal with it?” I reach for the bag of bread.

				Raine seems more reluctant to answer this question than he was to tell me he’d killed a girl with his coke addiction and shiny black Porsche.

				“The accident happened in a small town in Georgia, outside of Atlanta. I was unconscious. I woke up two days later. My parents’ lawyer had spun a fantastic tale. That it was Farrah behind the wheel, not me. I couldn’t recall much about the accident. Didn’t even remember—” he takes a breath and looks away, “—I didn’t even remember her name. I just kept seeing her face and the emerald green sequined tank top she was wearing, the contrast between it and her short crop of flaming red hair.”

				“So your parents put the blame on a dead girl who couldn’t defend herself. And you let them?” Hoping he’ll deny it, my eyes search his.

				He rests his forehead in his palms, leaving me to stare at the top of his newly bald head.

				“How could you?” I toss two pieces of French toast into the pan. It sizzles.

				“I was still in a fog about the accident. My parents and their lawyer spent three days convincing me that’s how it happened. I’d let girls drive my car before, so it wasn’t that far-fetched.”

				I stare at him with my arms crossed and one eyebrow raised.

				Raine sighs and drags his hand down his face. “And I was scared shitless. I didn’t wanna go to jail.”

				“Her parents didn’t put up a fight?” I slide the spatula under a piece of toast, checking to see if it’s ready.

				“My parents offered them half a million dollars to refrain from talking to the media.”

				“And they took it?”

				“Mr. Rose talked them up to two point five mill. He upgraded his family from a little trailer in a sleepy Georgia town to a nice lakefront property. Then he bought a little hardware store and put her sisters and brothers through college,” Raine says. “Her father said she’d always been trouble. But at least in death, she could do something worthwhile. Make a better life for her family.”

				I’m stunned. Raine’s parents were only concerned that the end of Farrah’s life wouldn’t be the end of his. Farrah’s parents’ only concern was living a better life, financed by their daughter’s death. My stomach wretches. The smell of the eggs. The loss of my fairy tale. It’s more than I can take right now.

				I reach into the overhead cabinet, grab a Tums and pop it into my mouth, hoping to settle my stomach. “What about the police? They believed that story?”

				“It would be more correct to say that my parents procured their belief in the story,” he admits. “They made an ‘anonymous’ donation. Purchased the town an entire fleet of new cruisers.”

				“So your parents bought the cops off? Just like that?”

				“The evidence was inconclusive. No one could say for sure who was driving. I didn’t valet park that night. No one else was in the car. We were both thrown from the car. Both our fingerprints were all over the steering wheel. I had no memory of the accident, and Farrah was dead.”

				I pour us two cups of coffee and add sugar and cream to both. Just a little for him. ’til the coffee is café au lait-colored for me.

				I place a plate of French toast and a cup of coffee in front of him.

				“Thanks.” He raises his eyes to mine. He’s waiting for a response, or maybe absolution.

				“You’re welcome.” I’m not ready to offer forgiveness. Besides, it isn’t mine to give. I make two more slices of French toast, carefully avoiding his gaze.

				Raine methodically slices his French toast. I hand him the maple syrup.

				“Thanks.” He opens the cap, pours then takes a few bites.

				I lean against the sink, arms folded, waiting until he’s finished his first piece. “The paparazzi stalks your family. How’d you manage to avoid media coverage?”

				Raine puts down his fork. “It wasn’t as bad back then. Besides, it was one of those rare nights when I’d managed to elude photographers. My parents’ publicist spun the story in my favor. I was the passenger. The driver was killed. There were no charges brought against me. Everything was swept neatly under my parents’ hundred-thousand-dollar Persian rug.”

				“So what happened after the accident?”

				“They put me on a plane to Switzerland as soon as I was able to fly. That’s where I got plastic surgery to repair the scars on my face and arms. The evidence of the accident that the rest of the world could see,” he says. “But I wouldn’t let them fix the ones only I could see. I wanted to keep ’em. To remember what happened, what I did.” He runs his hands over the back of his head.

				“That’s when you got the scar on your hip.” I flip the toast in the pan then take a sip of my coffee.

				The memory of my first time seeing that scar and the feeling of the knotty skin beneath my fingertips comes back to me. I’m overwhelmed with a sense of sadness. Both for Farrah Rose and for us. I look across the counter at him. Just a few feet of granite separate us, but it suddenly feels as wide as a chasm.

				“I never wanted to forget her, or what I’d been capable of. It was my way of ensuring it never happened again.”

				I think of the tattoo on his arm. In the picture Delveccio had given me of Raine as a teenager, there was no rose. Just the sword. I put my cup down, reach over and touch his arm, where the tattoo lies. A memorial of the dead girl carved in his flesh in brilliant red and green.

				Raine places his hand over mine, his head down. “Don’t forget your toast.”

				“Dammit!”

				I turn off the stove and fix myself a plate. Sliding into the seat next to him, I slice the French toast. Raine hands the syrup bottle to me. I pour too much.

				“And after the surgery?” I stab the toast with a fork and shove a few pieces in my mouth.

				“I stayed at a clinic in Switzerland for three months. My parents hired a private nurse and put me up in a little chalet for another three months. Mom suggested I stay in Europe for a while, in our villa in Tuscany. I didn’t want to live in a villa, like I was on some grand European vacation while Farrah was dead. When it was me who killed her.”

				I stop chewing and look over at him. “You said you didn’t remember the accident.”

				“I didn’t. Not at first, or even months later.” He shoves pieces of French toast around on his plate. “But some of the memories returned. I remembered being completely fucked up. Farrah was kissing me and trying to climb onto my lap while I was driving.”

				“So you were driving. But that’s probably what sent the car out of control, her climbing onto your lap.” I almost feel relieved that the girl wasn’t just a victim. That she might be culpable.

				“Maybe. But that doesn’t change the fact that she’s gone. She never got to get married or have kids. I took that from her.”

				I put down my silverware, wipe my hands on a dish towel and place my hand on his arm.

				Raine pulls me off the stool, into his arms, buries his face in my neck. He holds me tight, as if I’ll evaporate like an apparition if he allows even a sliver of light to pass between us. I let him hold me. I want to comfort him the way he’s always comforted me.

				“It’s okay, babe,” I whisper into his ear and kiss the side of his face. It is the first time I’ve used this term of endearment, or any other that I can remember. “I know you’re sorry about what happened to Farrah, but you can’t bring her back. And you can’t spend the rest of your life torturing yourself.”

				Raine sighs, releases me. He walks over to the sofa, my hand firmly in his. We sit. He traces the lines of my palm with his fingertips, as if searching for a hint of our future.

				“Did you return home?” I don’t want to push him too hard or too fast, but I need to hear the rest of the story.

				“I wasn’t ready to go back.” He continues to trace the lines in my hand. “I changed my name, got a new look, kicked around Asia and Africa, volunteering with various organizations. I finished my undergraduate degree via a correspondence course. My parents begged me to come home. ‘You can’t save everyone, Beau,’ Mom’d say every time we talked. But I felt I hadn’t done enough. That I could never do enough.”

				“When did you finally come home and start Focused for Life?”

				“I’d been out of the country for about six years when I got really sick with malaria while serving in Africa. My mother sent her personal doctor to treat me and bring me back stateside. I refused to move back to Beverly Hills, so they put me up in an apartment in San Francisco. When I got better, I was ready to head overseas again. My mother was crying hysterically. She begged me not to keep risking my life. She was sure I was on some sort of charitable suicide mission.”

				“Were you?”

				Raine shrugs. “I don’t know. Maybe.”

				“What convinced you to stay in San Francisco?”

				“My mother kept saying there were plenty of people who needed my help right here in the U.S. So I started to pay attention. That’s when I saw the story about the graduation rate among black males in Ohio. I wanted to start a program to address the problem. My mother, who was raised on a farm in Pennsylvania, considers the Midwest to be one step above living in the jungle in Congo.” He shakes his head and sighs. “My parents promised to fund my organization through the Foundation and to help me solicit donations for at least three years. After that, I’d be on my own. If I could make it work, and it grew, then I could expand the program as I saw fit.” He smiles for the first time today. “Even to Ohio.”

				“Looks like they kept their word.”

				“They did everything they promised and more. All of their original funding was anonymous. They honored my wishes to keep the connection to our family hidden for the first three years,” he says. “I’ll admit it was as much for my own comfort as it was as to keep the Montgomery Circus from crowding out the real issue.”

				I nod. “Of course.”

				“That was eight years ago. I spent two years researching, studying other organizations, working with people who were trying to do something similar. I earned a graduate degree in sociology and put together a business plan. When I felt I had everything right, I filed as a nonprofit and hired a few of the people I’d worked with during the research phase.

				“The day we opened our doors I realized I’d been so consumed with getting Focused for Life going that I hadn’t thought about Farrah Rose in a long time. That’s when I had the rose added to my tattoo.” Raine touches his arm. “I didn’t want to forget her or what could happen if I ever fell back into that life again.”

				Raine settles back against the couch. “So that’s everything there is to know about me—in both incarnations. Beau Montgomery and Raine Mason. I changed my name because I made it my mission from that day forward to be a different person. A better person. One who left the world a better place than he found it.”

				Raine laces his fingers through mine, our palms facing. He squeezes my hand. Now the ball is in my court. I’ve been so engaged in his story I haven’t given any thought to my response.

				“This is a lot to handle, I know. Now maybe you understand why I was afraid to tell you. I never wanted to see the look on your face now. Hurt, anger, disappointment, pity.” Raine puts his hand underneath my chin, lifts my eyes to meet his. “I love you, Melanie. I know we’re still supposed to be pretending I didn’t say it.” He smiles feebly. “But I do.”

				Turning away, I bite my lip and swallow as I finger the necklace I’m wearing, a birthday present from my father. For this first time I’m aware that I’ve been rocking back and forth, my knee gently bobbing up and down.

				He lays a hand gently on my knee, stilling it. “Those weren’t just words uttered in the heat of the moment. I don’t wish I could take them back. It’s the way I truly feel. I love you.”

				My mouth falls open, lips attempting to form words to express the myriad of thoughts and emotions that have my heart racing. No sound escapes. My eyes offer an unspoken apology.

				Raine leans in and kisses my cheek. Then he leans his forehead against mine. “It’s okay. You don’t have to say anything right now. But you wanted the truth and you deserve to hear it from me.” He slowly rises to his feet, letting go of my hand. “I’m staying at the Marriott. Call me when you’re ready to talk.” He picks up his coat and folds it over his arm.

				“Please, don’t go.” I follow him to the front door. “You don’t have to spring for a hotel. You can stay here.”

				“Don’t worry, I’m a trust fund baby.” He forces a mischievous smile and kisses my forehead. “I’m good for it.”

				“Do you have to leave right now?”

				“There’s nowhere I’d rather be right now, more than here with you. But I’ve given you a lot to think about.” He puts his arms around me and pulls me into him. “You have a choice to make. Whether this is worth the hassle. Whether you can still be with me, knowing what I’ve done. Only you can make that decision. Well, you and your sisters,” he says, a knowing smile crinkling the edges of his eyes and mouth.

				He kisses me then puts on his wool jacket. “If you’re up to it, I’d love to meet you at Lola’s for dinner. And if you need more time, that’s fine, too. I’ll respect your decision.”

				“Okay,” I tell him. “But you haven’t told me everything. You didn’t tell me why you cut your hair.”

				“Right.” Raine runs his hand over his head. “I’m done hiding. I want you to know me. Every part of me. Every scar. Every bump. Every bruise. You have to decide whether you can ever love me the way I love you.”

				He kisses my cheek then slips out the door and closes it behind him.

				I lean my forehead against the cool, steel door, my hand pressed to the metal, wishing things could go back to the way they were a week ago.





		 			 				Chapter Thirty

				A week ago, Raine’s intimate knowledge of me, his anticipation of the fact that I’d call Mimi and Jamie right away, would’ve been endearing. Today it reminds me that I’m an open book to him, but I knew nothing about the real him until an hour ago.

				I sit on the couch and stare at the phone. Of course I’m going to call Mimi and Jamie. But I’m not sure what to say. Do I tell them everything?

				What if I can get past this but my family can’t? Will they hate Raine even though I love him?

				Love him? There is a twinge of pain at the base of my neck and over my eyes. It spreads across my forehead. I massage my temples.

				I’m angry Raine didn’t tell me about his past, but I wonder if I should bear some of the blame. Sometimes things didn’t feel quite right. I was too busy basking in his adoration to dig deeper.

				I should’ve suspected that my fairy-tale relationship would collapse around me like an intricate house of cards built for no other purpose than to tumble mightily.

				How could I not see that Raine was far too perfect? My dad always said if it seems too good to be true, it usually is. Perhaps that’s why I clung so tightly to Jax. His cracks and flaws were easily apparent. There was no façade. What you see is what you get. My disappointment with Jax stemmed from my own delusions that he would one day change. Something he never promised, but I continued to expect.

				Mimi was right to give up on the “Ideal Man” theory. We were silly girls looking for men without flaws. Men who don’t exist and certainly wouldn’t put up with our defects and idiosyncrasies, if they did.

				I take a deep breath and dial Mimi first, then conference in Jamie. I tell them about my conversation with Raine, leaving out the gory details. But they can both read between the lines.

				There’s a moment of silence. Then Mimi mutters, “Oh my gosh. Oh. My. Gosh.”

				“I know this relationship isn’t the fairy tale you’ve been searching for,” Jamie says finally. “But the question you have to ask yourself is, how do you feel about Raine? Forget about Beau Montgomery for a minute. He’s worked damned hard not to be that guy anymore.”

				“He’s an amazing man. Generous, loving, kind. I care deeply for him.” My lips form themselves into a crooked smile. “I can see us together for a very long time.”

				“Like forever?” Mimi inquires.

				“Maybe.”

				“If you feel that strongly about him, then your relationship is worth fighting for,” she says.

				“It’s not that simple. Could you be with someone if...if he had such a questionable past?”

				Mimi’s silent. We both know she would never be able to get past something like this.

				“What if this were me?” Jamie interjects. “I’ve had DUIs. I was a boozer and an addict. You know about all of that, but you never gave up on me.”

				“You’re family.”

				“But think about it—this could’ve easily been me. When I was arrested for that last DUI a few years ago, I just missed taking out a family with a minivan full of kids headed to Cedar Point.”

				“I didn’t know about that,” Mimi exclaims. “Did you, Melanie?”

				“No,” I croak. My heart slams against my rib cage. Hearing about it, even now, makes me tremble. I’m disappointed that Jamie made such a bad choice, but intense guilt sits in the pit of my stomach, like a heavy lead ball. I know my sudden decision to leave had a negative impact on everyone, Jamie especially.

				“No one knew except Mom,” she says. “She bailed me out that night. We got into a huge fight. She said the drugs and crazy lifestyle were my personal version of Russian roulette. That I’d rather be dead than deal with the pain of my parents abandoning me. Mom said my cowardice was going to get somebody killed. I broke down. I didn’t want to be a fucked-up loser anymore.”

				Jamie is sobbing. Mimi and I are in tears, too. We remember the days when we lived in fear that an officer would knock at the door and tell us Jamie wasn’t coming home.

				“So that’s what triggered your recovery.” I wipe my face on my shirtsleeve.

				“What if my rock bottom hadn’t been almost taking out the family in the minivan? What if I’d killed them?”

				There’s a hushed silence on the telephone as Mimi and I contemplate this. It’s such an awful thought. Yet it nearly happened. A chill runs down my spine. I close my eyes. I can see Jamie in the blue “Crapalier” she drove back then careening across the highway, high as a kite, plowing into a minivan of unsuspecting people whose only crime was being in the wrong place at the wrong time.

				“How would you have reacted if this had happened to me?”

				I don’t say anything. Of course I would forgive her and support her through it. Even if that meant the humiliation of sitting in court every day during a trial or nursing her through sweaty nights filled with aching withdrawal symptoms. Jamie knows that. But I’m not ready to concede her point.

				“Would you hate me for the rest of my life, Melanie? Even if I cleaned up, served my time, did whatever I could to make sure the next kid didn’t make that same mistake? Would you still write me off?” Jamie presses, her tone sharp.

				“Of course not.” I run my fingers along the stitching on the arm of the couch. “But this isn’t the same. Raine isn’t family.”

				“Biologically, neither am I!” Jamie huffs. She takes a deep breath then continues. “I’m a ‘broken’ kid who followed you home one day. I’m just lucky you cared what happened to my sorry ass, that you came to love me. That isn’t so different from what’s happening between you and Raine at all.”

				Tears sting my eyes as I twist the phone cord in silence.

				“You’re angry because Raine kept this secret from you,” Mimi says. “But we’ve all kept secrets from each other. I didn’t tell you about working with Jax because I thought it was the right thing to do. I was trying to protect you. Maybe he was, too. Look at what’s happened since the secret got out.”

				“Don’t make excuses for him, Mimi. He was wrong not to tell me, and you know it.”

				Mimi sighs. “Raine isn’t perfect, but he’s learned from his past. He’s a good man and he really loves you. Are you willing to give up what you guys have because of a mistake he made more than a decade ago?”

				I flatten my palm against my forehead, trying to alleviate the throbbing pain over my right eye. “I don’t want to lose him. But maybe this is a sign. We still haven’t resolved the long-distance issue. Why should I put myself through this shit if in the end, it won’t work out anyway?”

				“If that makes you feel better about throwing away what you guys have, then go ahead, tell yourself that,” Jamie says.

				I can feel her irritation with me rising. After all, if I can be so judgmental about Raine’s past, have I ever really forgiven her for all of her infractions?

				“I think what Jamie means is you should give this some thought. Take as long as you need to think about it. Then make a decision you won’t regret,” Mimi says. “We’re behind you either way.”

				“We want you to be happy,” Jamie says after a brief pause. “You deserve that, whether you believe it or not.”

				“I know,” I whisper. “And I want to be. I do.”

				“Does Raine make you happy?” Mimi inquires.

				The thought of our past few months together lifts the corners of my mouth. “He does.”

				“Then don’t let his past ruin it,” Mimi says. “We’re not talking about a fugitive or a philanderer who’s still up to his same tricks. Raine’s entire life is a testimony that he wants to rectify his mistakes.”

				“You said you felt sorry for him because he’s still torturing himself over what happened. So why are you still punishing him for it?” Jamie says. “He can’t change what happened, and neither can you.”

				“I know and I wish I could let it go, but I don’t know if I can ever look at him again without thinking about it.” Tears roll down my cheeks.

				“Then focus on loving the person he’s become, rather than judging him for a mistake he made fifteen years ago,” Jamie says.

				“I’m not judging him!”

				“Yes, you are.” Mimi says. “You do that. Judge people. Everything has to fit into your neat little expectations, meet your perfect little standards. When it doesn’t...when we don’t make the choices you want us to, you’re disappointed in us.”

				“That’s not true!” I insist, arms crossed, lips pursed into a frown. I adjust my collar to alleviate the uncomfortable heat spreading up my neck.

				“Yes, it is,” Jamie says. “You’ve spent your entire life trying to meet Dad’s expectations for you. And you do the same thing to anyone who gets close to you.”

				I don’t bother denying it. Instead I pout in silence, hoping the enumeration of my faults is complete. It isn’t.

				“You’ve dated some shitheads in the past, but there were some pretty decent guys in there, too,” Jamie continues. “They never stood a chance. No man can meet your expectations.”

				“There is no perfect guy, Mel. Believe me. I’ve looked.” Mimi forces a laugh.

				“Maybe being a good man isn’t good enough. I need to be able to trust him, to know he’d never do anything to hurt me.”

				“I know you’ve been hurt and that you’re scared.” Mimi’s voice is soothing, patient. “Life is scary sometimes. It can also be pretty damned amazing. But you’ll never experience those amazing moments if you’re too scared to let someone else in.”

				“What if I do and it’s a mistake? What then?”

				“Making a decision we might later regret doesn’t make us bad people. It makes us human. Being so terrified of making the wrong decision that we let someone else make it for us, that’s not living at all.”

				My eyes sting. I bite my lip and massage the base of my neck. “I know you’re right. I’m just scared.”

				“Don’t let fear stand in the way of what you really want. Weigh your options. Listen to your heart. Then make a decision,” Jamie says matter-of-factly. “Whatever you decide, we’re behind you.”

				I say good-bye, then crawl into bed, exhausted, and take a good long nap.





		 			 				Chapter Thirty-One

				My hands are trembling as I approach the host station at Lola’s. “I’m meeting Raine Mason for dinner.”

				“Right this way, ma’am,” the young, shiny blonde says.

				I hate being called “ma’am.” It makes me feel like an ancient relic, ready to be put out to pasture. The girl is barely twenty years old. Her razor-straight, ultra-white teeth and perfectly shaped breasts exacerbate my feelings of inadequacy.

				She leads me to a quiet corner of the restaurant, where Raine sits in a booth. I wonder if he requested a discreet table in case I’ve come here to make a scene.

				Raine stands and kisses my cheek. “Thanks for coming.”

				I nod and force a smile, attempting to allay the uneasiness between us. Butterflies flutter in my stomach, my knees are a bit wobbly and I’m unsure of where to place my hands.

				“You look beautiful.” Raine pulls out my chair.

				“Thanks.” Once seated, I smooth my hands over the slim wool gabardine pants I’ve only recently been able to fit. For once, stress has caused me not to eat. My tan angora sweater falls slightly off my shoulders.

				“Should I order a bottle of wine?” Raine asks.

				“Wine would be great.”

				The edges of his mouth lift slightly. There’s a subtle look of hopefulness in his eyes.

				He orders a bottle of Chianti and we get a couple of salads. The perfect food for uncomfortable conversations. There are things to be cut, dressed and shoved around a plate.

				We exchange small talk over our salads. We’ve known each other for nearly two years and dated for about five months. Yet in some ways I feel like I’m on a first date playing “get to know you.” Except the stakes are much higher. Raine isn’t some random guy. I care very much for him.

				Finally the server brings Raine’s tantalizing steak and my wild salmon. After a few bites he puts down his utensils and meets my gaze.

				“It was never my intention to hurt or deceive you. I wanted to forget who I was and what I’d done. Just for a little while. But I can’t escape what happened that night. It’s a part of me.” He absently traces the scar behind his ear. “Being with you was an escape from all those memories. When things got serious between us, I knew I had to tell you. But everything was going so well...I didn’t want to ruin it.”

				“I’m sorry about everything that’s happened.” I place my hand on his. “Living with this must be extremely difficult. That’s what your bad dreams are about, isn’t it?”

				He nods. “It’s been fifteen years and I still have nightmares. Not as often, but they’re still there.”

				“I care deeply for you,” I say. “You know that, right?”

				“I do.” He squeezes my hand. “And you know that I’m in love with you.”

				I shift in my seat and place my hands in my lap. “I do. But can you see what a disadvantage I’m at? You know me. You know my family. I don’t really know anything about you. Except that you’re not who I thought you were.”

				“Maybe you didn’t know my full birth name or the kind of person I was as a stupid, punk kid. But you know me. I’ve never lied to you about who I am. I am Raine Mason—the man you’ve known for the past two years. I’m not the person I was then.”

				“I know you’re a good person, Raine. But try to understand how I feel. What if I came to you and said, ‘By the way, I used to be a Hollywood madam’? Would you just smile and say, ‘Pass the bread’? I don’t think so. You’d have a really hard time dealing with it.”

				Raine sits back in his chair and takes a deep breath. He raises his hands in defeat. “Okay, I would have a hard time dealing with it. But I would get past it. I wouldn’t give up on us and I wouldn’t judge you based on who you were then.” He looks across the table at me intently.

				“I haven’t given up on us,” I say quietly. “I just need time to deal with this. You waited a year to make your move. Can’t I have a couple of weeks to think about this?”

				He places a hand over his mouth, an attempt to hide a reluctant smile. “You’re right. I’m sorry. You’re the best thing that’s happened to me since that night. I don’t want to lose you.” Raine squeezes my hand.

				“Now you’re exaggerating,” I say. “What you’ve accomplished with Focused for Life is amazing.”

				“And I’m very proud of what we’ve done,” Raine says. “But there’s been this hole in my life that, ’til you, nothing ever seemed to fill. Do you know what I mean?”

				Sighing, I nod. I’ve spent the past five years consumed with work, trying to distract myself from the pain of my father’s death and from the failure of my relationship with Jax. “Yes.”

				“I know. Your dad.” He squeezes my hand. “Whenever you talk about him, I can see this inconsolable grief.”

				“Maybe that’s what we saw in each other. A broken soul in need of fixing.” I gently retract my hand from his and resume eating.

				“You don’t believe that,” Raine says. I shrug and take another bite. “You’re the one person in my life who doesn’t need fixing. At the office and with my family, I’m the one who always has to quell the drama and mend fences. With you, I can relax and just be myself.”

				I raise an eyebrow. “You mean the self you’ve become?” It isn’t really a question and I regret saying it nearly as soon as the words leave my mouth.

				“The self I was always meant to be,” he says firmly. “‘Beau Montgomery’ represented the name and life my parents chose for me. Now I’m the man I always wanted to be. I wish to God it hadn’t taken an unspeakable tragedy to turn my life around. But I can’t change my past, Melanie. At least I’m living my life on my terms based on my choices, not the life someone else laid out for me.”

				I put my fork down and fall back against the chair, like I’ve been struck by a blow to the stomach. My forehead and cheeks are hot, my throat tightens and my lungs constrict.

				I want to retaliate with some smart-ass retort and go storming out of the restaurant. But I can’t, because...Raine is right. The life and career I’ve chosen isn’t about what I want at all. It’s about what my father wanted. About what he thought was best for me.

				Dad wanted a son who would open an executive search firm with his last name over the door and create a legacy for him. He never got his precious son, so I was the next best thing. And the only one gullible enough to willingly play along with his plan for my life.

				Mimi and Jamie were strong enough to stand up for themselves. They’d made their own choices, with or without Dad’s approval. Why couldn’t I do the same?

				“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that—”

				“I asked for honesty. You’re being honest.” I pick up my fork. “Besides, we both know you’re not wrong. I’ve dedicated my entire life to a career I didn’t even choose for myself. I mean, I’m good at what I do and I enjoy my job, for the most part. But it isn’t what I wanted to do with my life. It’s what Dad wanted for me, what he wanted for himself.” I put the fork down again and sigh, resting my forehead in my hand. “Guess that makes me the biggest sucker of all.”

				“That isn’t true. You’re an amazing daughter. You just wanted to make your father proud of you, and that’s great. But it’s time to think about you. What makes you happy?”

				“Being at the museum,” I say. “I could live there and never get tired of the place.”

				“I thought so.” He nods. “Sounds like that’s your dream career.”

				“I’m so far in now. The thought of starting all over with a career in art history and museum studies is...terrifying.” I sigh and take a sip of Chianti.

				A reassuring smile spreads across his handsome face. God, I love that smile. He squeezes my hand and leans forward. “I know it is. It’s also your dream. And if that’s what you want, go for it. If you don’t, deep down you’ll always regret it.”

				“I’ll think about it.” He doesn’t look convinced. “I promise.” I smile sweetly before changing the subject. After investing ten years and a pricey MBA in my current career, the idea of chucking it all and starting over in a museum or gallery fills me with equal parts of elation and trepidation. I can only handle one crisis at a time. “So, how long are you going to be in town?”

				He shrugs. “I left things open. I don’t have to be back for another week. Why?” His eyes search mine.

				“If you aren’t busy tomorrow, why don’t you join us for family dinner?”

				“I’d love to come, but are you sure? They probably hate me now.” Raine picks up his fork and cuts his steak.

				“My sisters don’t hate you,” I assure him. “And Mom is blissfully unaware of any this, so let’s just keep it that way.”

				Lines crease Raine’s forehead. His jaw tightens. “I don’t want to lie to your mother.”

				“We’re not lying to her. We’re just not telling her. See the difference?” I wave my fork at him. He cringes.

				“Yeah,” he says. “But will she?” He stabs a piece of his medium-well steak, puts it into his mouth and chews.

				Without answering, I pick up my glass and drain the remainder of my Chianti. It is a question best left unanswered.





		 			 				Chapter Thirty-Two

				I didn’t give Raine a definitive answer last night and I don’t know what the fate of our relationship will be. We enjoyed a lovely meal then he walked me home, apologized for cutting the evening short and said he had business to attend to. He promised to meet me at Mom’s and kissed me good night at my front door before disappearing behind the steel elevator doors.

				I pull into Mom’s driveway an hour before dinner. When I called late last night to tell her I was bringing Raine to dinner, she was excited. She also asked if Jamie, Mimi and I could come an hour early because she needed to talk to us.

				Mimi, who lives a block from my mother, walks up to the house as I arrive. I get out of the car and give her a hug.

				“Do you have any idea what this is about?” Her breath rises as steam in the frosty air. She rubs her mittened hands together. “I don’t like this. Mom sounded so serious.”

				I drape an arm around my sister. “You’re a worrier, like Mom. You automatically think something’s wrong. She’s fine. I’m sure she just wants to tell us something in private before the boys arrive.” I try to convince both of us. “Relax.”

				Mimi nods. “You’re right. I’m probably being silly.”

				Mom answers the door in a green silk chartreuse blouse and a pair of gray slacks. “How’re my babies today?” She leans in and gives each of us a kiss on the cheek. She takes our coats as if we are first-time visitors. As if the walls aren’t filled with dents and cracks from things we’ve toppled over, and the wooden floors aren’t peppered with scratches from our roller skates and Barbie cars.

				“Thanks, Mom.” I sit on the bench to take off my boots.

				She drops my slippers in front of me. I slide my feet into them and follow her to the kitchen, looking around to see if there’s any reason to be alarmed by this impromptu meeting.

				“Is everything okay, Ma?” I open the refrigerator and pull out a pitcher of orange juice. Before I can turn around, she hands me a glass.

				“Everything’s fine, honey. Stop worrying like your sister.” She nods her head in the direction of Mimi, who’s lurking just inside the kitchen door. “I just wanted a few minutes alone with my girls, that’s all.”

				I glance back at Mimi and raise an eyebrow, an unspoken, “See, I told you so.” Mimi shrugs.

				“What can we do while we wait for Jamie?” I ask. “I’m sure she’ll be here in a minute.”

				“She will,” Mom says. “Poor thing had to pull an extra shift at the bar last night. She’s probably trying to get as much sleep as she can. But in the meantime, you girls can start peeling the potatoes for me.”

				Mom pulls out the huge stainless steel bowl we’ve had since I was a teenager. She hands us both paring knives and then heads back into the dining room.

				Mom usually gives this job to Marcus. Mimi narrows her eyes at me.

				“Marcus will be happy he’s not on potato peeling duty today,” I whisper. We both laugh.

				“What’s so funny?” Jamie bursts through the kitchen door, still half-asleep. “What did I miss?”

				“Nothing,” I say. “How are you? You look like hell.”

				“Well, fuck you very much,” Jamie says with a huff.

				I stand and hug her, laughing. “Sorry. You know I didn’t mean it like that. I just meant you look tired. Mom says you pulled an extra shift. Everything okay?”

				“I feel like shit.” Jamie falls into the kitchen chair and lays her head down on her arms, folded into a makeshift pillow. “I’ve worked doubles lots of times before. I don’t know, maybe I’m getting old, but I don’t feel so great this time.”

				“You are getting old.” Mimi pokes Jamie in her side. “What, do you think you’re Peter Pan or something?”

				Jamie rolls her forehead onto her forearms and grunts. “Shut. Up.”

				Mimi and I are laughing and Jamie is trying to zone us out when Mom comes back into the kitchen.

				“There you are, my darling!” My mother puts her arms around Jamie and kisses the top of her head. “I’m so glad you’re here. How are you?”

				Jamie manages a smile. “I’m fine. Just a little tired.”

				Mom rubs Jamie’s back. “Well, I’m glad you could make it. Now that we’re all here, why don’t you girls follow me into the study.” Mom disappears through the kitchen door, leaving us in the kitchen exchanging worried glances.

				We never go into the study. That was my father’s room.

				The study? Mimi mouths, afraid to say the words aloud.

				“Fuck! This is serious.” Jamie wipes sleep from her eyes with the back of her hand. “What do you think is going on?”

				“I don’t know.” My heart beats quickly. “But we’re about to find out.”

				We march slowly out of the kitchen, one by one, as if headed to a firing squad.

				I freeze in the doorway of the room where I spent so much time with my dad. The room that became his makeshift bedroom when he’d grown too weak to climb the stairs anymore. I take a deep breath and look around. Everything’s just as it was before Dad got sick.

				“It’s okay, girls,” my mother prods gently. “Come in.”

				Mimi, Jamie and I sit on the rust-colored leather sofa that we’ve had for decades. For a moment I feel like I did back when I was twelve, sitting on the couch, watching a game with my dad. I half expect him to say, “When the next commercial comes on, get your old man a beer, eh, Mel?”

				My mother sits on the coffee table in front of us, her hand on Mimi’s knee, her gaze on the floor.

				“What is it, Mom? You’re scaring us.” Jamie leans forward in her seat. “Is everything okay?”

				Mimi and I tense up, too. Mom takes a deep breath.

				“I have to tell you girls something. Something I’ve been keeping a secret.”

				Mimi, Jamie and I collectively hold our breath. We may be grown women, but we’re still women in desperate need of their mother.

				“I’ve been seeing someone, my friend from the senior center, Walter Ferris. We’ve known each other for several years now and—”

				Jamie and Mimi burst out laughing. I hold back a grin.

				“Don’t ever scare us like that again!” Mimi says, still laughing. “Oh my God, are you serious? That’s it? That’s not a secret. Melanie figured that out when she came to visit months ago.”

				My mother’s expression goes from anxious and nervous to one of complete shock. Her cheeks turn bright red. “But if you knew, why didn’t you say something?”

				“You weren’t ready to tell us.” Jamie shrugs. “Guess now you are.”

				“Besides,” I say, “you weren’t very forthcoming about those mystery shopping trips.”

				My mother blushes. She leans in to kiss Jamie, Mimi then me. “I raised you three to be smart girls. Why am I surprised that you’re smarter than your mother?”

				“I don’t know about smarter,” Mimi says, “but we’re just as nosy.”

				“I’m not nosy.” My mother points a finger in Mimi’s direction. “Just concerned.”

				“Whatever.” I evoke a word that drives my mother crazy. Jamie snorts. “So now that everything is out, tell us about Walter. How long have you guys been dating?”

				“We’ve been friends for about three years. We’ve been seeing each other proper for the past year and a half.”

				“I can’t believe Mom was able to keep a secret for that long,” Mimi says. Jamie and I laugh.

				“I can keep a secret, alright. I’ve kept lots of secrets for the three of you.” She waggles her index finger at each of us in turn.

				We each squirm a little, thinking of all the secrets she still has in her “vault.” Things we never want the other two to know. Like the fact that I ruined my aunt Grace’s white sofa when I got my period the first time. Or that Mimi couldn’t find her favorite Barbie for a week because I’d cut off all her hair, and Mom had to replace it with a new one. Mimi still has that damn Barbie, hoping for a little girl to give it to. She thinks it’s the same one. When she was a kid she decided the reason she couldn’t find her was because Barbie was on vacation at the Barbie beach house she didn’t have yet. Dad bought her one.

				“You can keep a secret, you’re right,” Jamie says, quickly. She’s the person who likely has the most to hide. “We’re just surprised you managed to keep this to yourself for so long. Not that you needed to. We would’ve been cool with it.”

				Mimi nods vigorously. I fall in line like a bobblehead doll.

				“I should’ve realized that.” Mom squeezes Jamie’s hand.

				“What made you finally tell us?” I ask.

				My mother clears her throat and slides back farther on the coffee table. She sits up straight and looks at us intently. “I’m telling you now because...because I don’t want to hide this from my girls anymore. This relationship has blossomed into much more than a friendship...”

				“You’ve been seeing Walter a long time,” Jamie encourages her. “Things must be getting serious.”

				My mother smiles at Jamie gratefully. “I can barely believe I’m saying this about another man.”

				Mimi, Jamie and I exchange glances again, a habit that dies hard. We’ve been doing it since I was eleven. My pulse quickens. My stomach flips. My mouth goes dry. We look at Mom, waiting for her to finish her thought. To say what we know will come next.

				“This isn’t a passing phase. I have deep feelings for Walter. In fact, I love him. Very much.”

				I sit frozen, the blood pounding in my ears. My heart nearly beating out of my chest. My mother loves this man. I was okay with the fact that she needed and wanted companionship. Someone to spend Saturday afternoon at the movies with, maybe even to be romantic with, though I shudder at the thought of them in bed. But love? I have a hard time relegating the space that should be reserved in my mother’s heart. The space that should always belong to my dad.

				“And is the feeling mutual?” Jamie’s the only one who has the guts to ask this.

				Mom laughs, releasing some of the tension she must be feeling. She pats Jamie’s knee. “It is.” She rummages in the pocket of her apron and produces a stunning, pear-shaped diamond ring.

				My sister and Jamie gasp as Mom slides it onto her left ring finger. They ooh and ahh.

				“That’s great,” I hear myself say. A twinge of guilt tugs at my insides. How can I sanction the fact that we’re making my father obsolete? I feel like I’m betraying him. My eyes fill with tears before I can stop them. I hug my mom and force a smile. “I’m really happy for you, Mom. You deserve this. You’ve done so much for us.”

				Mimi and Jamie look at each other nervously.

				My mom kisses my wet cheek and pushes a few stray curls off my face, tucking them behind my ear. She takes a handkerchief and wipes my tears. “Thank you for supporting me. I know this isn’t easy for you.”

				I pull away from her, a frozen smile still plastered on my tear-stained face. “I’d better go check on the Western ribs.”

				Rushing into the kitchen, I put on the oven mitts and check the ribs my mother put in the oven earlier. They’re fine, of course. Taking off the oven mitts, I toss them onto the counter. I lean over the sink, stomach churning. Suddenly, my mother’s hand is on my shoulder.

				I turn to face her, still forcing a smile. She looks gorgeous today. She’s practically glowing. It’s the same look I see on Mimi and Jamie’s faces. They’re women in love. It’s a look that’s always escaped me.

				“I loved your father very much, honey. We had a great run for nearly thirty years.”

				“I know how much you loved Daddy. I didn’t mean to...I don’t want you to think...” I take a deep breath and wipe my hands on my jeans. “I’m happy for you, Mom. I meant that.”

				“I know, and I understand how hard this is for you.” She touches my cheek gently, then lifts my chin to raise my gaze from the floor to her warm, brown eyes. “We all miss him, but I know you miss him most. Your dad loved you so much, Melanie. He wouldn’t want you to be mourning him this way. It won’t bring him back.”

				I go to the sink and turn on the faucet to rinse a few bunches of broccoli. Maybe she’s right, but that’s not what I want to hear minutes after she’s declared her love for another man. “He’s my father. I can’t just forget about him.”

				“Of course not!” Mom says.

				“Then what’re you saying?” I turn off the faucet.

				“It doesn’t honor his memory to mourn him so much that we stop living our lives.” She speaks slowly, deliberately. Like she did when I was five.

				“I miss him. Nothing will change that.”

				“I know, and I’m certainly not trying to replace your father—in my life or yours. And what I’m about to say to you, it’s something I’ve needed to say to you for years. I just haven’t had the courage.”

				I look at her attentively. I’ve had enough surprising news this week. I don’t know if I can take anymore. “Just say it, Mom.”

				She takes my hand and leads me to the kitchen table. We sit.

				“I loved your father, Melanie, and we had a good marriage. But he wasn’t perfect. He had his faults. I loved him despite those faults.”

				“I never claimed he was.” My irritation is rising.

				“But you do. Every time you try to force the men in your life to live up to this flawless picture of your father. A man who’s larger than life. A man who never really existed.” She says these words gingerly. Like she’s telling a schizophrenic the cat she thinks she has isn’t real.

				I sit back in my chair, absorbing her words, trying to decide how to respond to them. I want to scream at her, to tell her she’s crazy. My dad might not have been perfect, but he was damn close. It isn’t my fault none of the men I’ve dated has been able to live up to the standard he set.

				“That isn’t fair.” I blink back tears. “Even you and Mimi hated Jaxson.”

				“Hate Jaxson.” My mother corrects me, using the present tense. “You’re absolutely right about him. He didn’t deserve you then and he doesn’t deserve you now. He never will. But what I don’t understand is why on earth you’ve given this man such a huge chunk of your heart. If every other man needs to live up to the standard you feel was set by your father, why doesn’t he? Why is Jaxson the exception to the rule?”

				I shift uncomfortably in my seat. It’s a question I’ve often asked myself. “I don’t know,” I murmur, my eyes on the floor. “Maybe it’s because we were together when Daddy was alive.”

				My mother nods. “I thought so.”

				“I know you and Mimi hate him, but Daddy really liked Jax. Daddy said Jax reminded him—”

				“Of himself at that age? I’ll bet he did. Jax reminds me of your father in his early twenties, too. But that isn’t a good thing.”

				“What do you mean?” She has my complete attention.

				My mother grimaces. She takes my hand in hers. Her eyes avoid mine.

				“Mom, what is it? You can tell me. I won’t be upset. I promise.”

				She grips my hands tightly. “I loved your father. But early in our marriage, he wasn’t the best husband.”

				“He wasn’t the best husband how?”

				“In the beginning your father was...well, he wasn’t the most faithful man.” She pulls away and wrings her hands. I’m not sure if her discomfort stems from painful memories of the past or the fact that she’s shattered my illusions of my perfect daddy.

				I want to tell my mother it isn’t true. That my daddy wouldn’t, couldn’t be disloyal or jeopardize the happiness of his family. But as I look into my mother’s eyes I recognize the ache in her soul. It’s the pain that was reflected in the mirror when I’d learned Jaxson had been unfaithful to me.

				“I’m sorry, Mom.” I kneel next to her and bury my head in her lap. “I didn’t know.”

				“You weren’t supposed to,” she says. “It was a long time ago. I didn’t want to relive that period in our lives and I didn’t want you to think any less of your father.

				“He was a changed man after you girls came along. I’d threatened to leave him before. He’d promise me the world, but I knew he was still seeing someone at his office. When I got pregnant with you, I knew I couldn’t bring my baby into a home filled with lies. The day I told your father I was pregnant, I gave him an ultimatum. He had to choose between that woman and his child.”

				“You were considering having an—”

				“God, no! I’d never get rid of my baby for some ridiculous man,” she says. “I was going to leave him and go back home to my parents in Milwaukee. Raise you there, in a house filled with love. I knew it would be tough raising a child alone. Even with the help of my parents. But I was determined to give you the same upbringing I had as a child. In a home with parents who loved each other and adored you.”

				“So what did Daddy say?”

				“He knew I meant it,” she says. She straightens the collar of my blouse. “He could see the determination in my eyes. He admitted the affair for the first time. Promised he wouldn’t see her again. I knew right then he meant it.”

				“So he didn’t see her again? I mean, as far as you know.”

				Mom holds my face in her hands and looks at me with steely eyes. “He never saw her or any other woman. Not ever again. He put in for a transfer, and we moved here. Lou was a changed man after that. He became a real husband and father, the love of my life. He always said nearly losing everything that mattered to him, that was the turning point in his life.”

				“I would never have thought...would never have believed—”

				“I know.” She sighs. “He was an excellent father and he became a good husband. You should adore your father. Every little girl should. But I did you girls a disservice by allowing you to believe your father was a saint. You especially. Mimi figured out she needed to find a man who was right for her. Not someone like her father. But you, it’s been a lot tougher for you, and I’m to blame.”

				I shake my head and squeeze her hand. “It’s not your fault. It’s mine.”

				“Don’t hold on to Jax because your father liked him. Jaxson, with all his charm and slickness, simply reminded your father of himself in younger days. That’s why they got on so well. Still, your father didn’t feel he was right for you. He was afraid of breaking his little girl’s heart.”

				“Dad never had a problem telling me what school I should go to, what sport I should participate in or what career I should pursue.” I clench my fists so tightly that I can feel my nails digging into my palms. Feelings of resentment, feelings I didn’t know were there, bubble up to the surface. “So why all of a sudden would he keep his opinion to himself?”

				“You’re angry.” Mom places her hand over my fist. I relax my hand and allow it to slowly open. She places her hand in mine and gives me a little wink. “It’s about damn time.”

				“You want me to be angry?”

				“I want you to stand up for yourself and go after what you want, not what you father wanted for you,” she says. “That’s what he wanted, too.”

				“I don’t understand.” I shake my head, completely confused. “He wanted me to stand up for myself? Then why was he always there telling me what I should do, what was best for me? This doesn’t make sense.”

				“A terminal illness makes you rethink your life, the choices you’ve made. Lou realized he’d made a mistake by putting you on his path, rather than allowing you to find your own. You did everything he asked of you, but he could tell your heart wasn’t in it. That you were doing it to make him proud, not because you wanted to. He felt like he’d crushed your spirit. So when you fell in love with Jax...he knew you needed to make your own decisions in life. That he wouldn’t be there to guide you. He said only one thing mattered—”

				“That he made me happy,” I say, remembering the question my dad would ask me about Jax. Does he make you happy, baby? When I’d say yes, he’d say, Then I’m happy, too.

				Mom nods. “He didn’t believe he did, but he needed you to make your own decision about him.”

				Tears stream down my face. I wipe them away with my sleeve, the rough material scratching my skin. I’m shaking. “All I wanted was for Daddy to be proud of me. I know how disappointed he was not to have a son. I thought if I was good enough, he’d be satisfied with his daughters. Not just me, but all of us.”

				Mom’s eyes glisten. She lifts my chin. “Is that why you tried so hard to be like him? Sweetie, how could you ever think we wanted anyone but you?”

				“I heard you guys that night,” I say. “You were arguing. Dad wanted to try again. He said he wanted a boy, so he’d have someone to carry on the family name.” It’s the first time I’ve ever said this aloud to anyone.

				Mom gasps, a tortured expression contorts her delicate features. “I’m sorry you heard that. Especially if that’s why you’ve tried so hard to be his little clone. But honey, your dad never regretted having you or your sister. He loved you girls. You must know that. Wanting a son, that’s something most men go through. It doesn’t change the fact that your father was damned proud of you. Not because you tried to follow his path, but because you’re a truly beautiful young woman on the inside and out. You were the light of his life.”

				“Then why do I feel like a consolation prize?”

				“You listen to me, Melanie Louise Gordon.” Mom grips my hand and peers at me intensely. “You could never be a disappointment to me or to your father. You’re an amazing person. We couldn’t be more proud of the woman you’ve become. Don’t ever let anything make you believe otherwise, you hear me?”

				“I wish Dad had just told me he hated Jax. Then he could have kept his opinions to himself.” I smile slightly as I wipe my face with my free hand.

				“He figured you’d be like your sisters. They never liked any boy we liked.” She laughs. “Pretending we liked one of their boyfriends was the quickest way to get rid of him.”

				I laugh, too, remembering how Mom and Dad’s stamp of approval usually signaled the death knell for any of Jamie and Mimi’s relationships. “I was never really the rebel type.”

				“No, you weren’t,” Mom says. “And we loved that about you.” She smiles. “The point is, don’t make a bad decision based on how you think your father felt about Jaxson or some illusion you’re holding of your father as being faultless. Decide what’s right for you, who is right for you.”

				“Thanks, Ma.” I hug her tightly. “I needed to hear this.”

				“I know,” she says.

				I study my mother’s face. She has that look. The one that says she knows a lot more than she’s saying.

				“You know?”

				My mother nods, avoiding my eyes. She goes to the cupboard and takes out her favorite wooden cutting board, worn with age. She takes a crown of broccoli from the sink, places it on the cutting board and begins slicing florets.

				I follow her to the sink and watch her in silence. My arms folded as I lean against the counter. “Mom?” I say, finally.

				She sighs and puts the knife down, wiping her hands on her apron. “Okay, okay. But first promise you won’t be angry with me.”

				I weigh this contingency. “Okay, fine.”

				“You also have to promise not to be angry with the person who told me.” She places her hands on my shoulders.

				I don’t know if I can promise that. I’m already steamed and I don’t know what my mother knows or who told her. But my money is on Mimi. She can never resist Mom. Jamie’s like a hardened KGB spy. She’ll take my secrets to her grave.

				“Melanie, you have to promise.”

				I consider crossing my fingers behind my back, but I don’t think that rule applies if you’re older than ten. “Okay, fine. I won’t be angry with you or the person who told you. Now tell me what you know.”

				“Maybe we should sit down again.” She extends her hand toward the table.

				“I don’t want to sit down. I just want to know what you’re talking about. Please.”

				She picks up the butcher knife and resumes her food prep. “I had a visitor last night.”

				“Let me guess...Mimi ran over here the second I got off the phone with her.” My hands fly through the air as I speak. “I can’t believe her.”

				“It wasn’t your sister. It was Raine.”

				I shake my head to clear the cobwebs that must be blocking my ear canal. “Who?”

				“You heard me.” She stops to look at me. “Raine came here after you two had dinner last night.”

				My head is spinning. The room is stifling hot. But then again, there are two ovens and a couple of burners blazing. I make my way over to a chair and sit down, wiping the perspiration droplets that have formed over my brow. “Raine came to see you last night? Why?”

				My mother puts the knife down and joins me at the table. She reaches across the table and squeezes my hand. “Raine loves you. He wants to be part of your life. Part of our lives. Regardless of what happens between you, he doesn’t want any more secrets.”

				What right does he have to come over here and talk to my mother about this when I’d decided not to tell her?

				Still, another part of me admires his courage and commitment to being open and honest. I put my elbow on the table, resting my forehead in my palm.

				“Raine’s a sweet boy. No, he isn’t without fault. He’s made some terrible mistakes in his life. But we all have. What he is, is a decent man, a good man. A man who’s spent every day since that tragic night trying to make amends.”

				“I can’t believe he told you everything. Why would he do that?”

				“He wants to start a new life with you. God bless him, he hopes to one day be part of this family, sitting at that table every single Sunday.” She points emphatically toward the dining room and the sixty-year-old table we’ve been sharing meals at for as long as I can remember.

				Silent tears slide down my cheeks. I bury my face in my hands.

				My mother gets up and puts her arms around me from behind. She kisses my head. “I know this is disappointing. You thought you’d found your fairy-tale prince and he’s got this deep, dark past. But honey, no one’s perfect.”

				“I know, Mom, I know.” I manage the words through my tears. “But did it have to be such an awful past? I can deal with the fact that he’s a Montgomery, but I keep thinking about that girl. She isn’t coming back. Ever. He can’t make that right.”

				“He knows that, Melanie. He thinks about her and what he’s done every single day. It haunts him, even in his dreams. I hope he can forgive himself someday. Maybe a little forgiveness from the woman he adores would help him along that path.” There’s a slight lilt in her voice.

				“You think so?” I wipe my face with the back of my hand.

				“I know so, darling.” My mother takes her apron off and wipes my face with it. “I’ve seen the power of love and forgiveness for myself. So have you.” She gently taps her index finger on my nose, the way my dad did when I was little. I sigh deeply and smile.

				Sniffling, I try to clear a path to breathe through my clogged sinuses. My mother reaches for a box of tissues on the little work desk my father built for her in the kitchen. She pulls three tissues out of the box and hands them to me.

				“Blow.”

				I blow my nose loudly. Now my nasal passages are throbbing, but at least I can breathe. “Raine, he really does love me, doesn’t he?”

				A wide smile spreads across my mother’s face. “You’d better believe it, toots. This guy’s got it bad.”

				“Or maybe he’s just a little crazy.” I smile.

				“He’d have to be to mess with one of my babies and then come up here and sit at my table.” My mother kisses me on the cheek. She opens the back door to a little mudroom and tosses the dirty apron there before washing her hands in the sink.

				“Mom?”

				“Yes, baby?”

				“Sorry I didn’t tell you about Raine. I don’t know why I was afraid to tell you.”

				“I do. You love him. You might not be ready to admit it, but you do. Maybe you imagined him being part of our family one day, too. You didn’t want this to change the way I feel about him. Sound about right?”

				“He’s the first guy I’ve dated who you genuinely like,” I tell her. “I was afraid you wouldn’t be able to forgive him. I was wrong and I’m sorry.”

				“It’s okay, honey. Just remember, it doesn’t matter how I feel about Raine. It only matters how you feel about him.”

				“I do care for him, but I’m scared. I can’t go through what I went through with Jax again. I can’t.”

				My mother nods. “It was a traumatic period for all of us. You lost Jaxson, and we lost you. None of us wants that, believe me.” Her jaw tightens. There’s a flash of anger in her eyes.

				“You didn’t lose me,” I insist. “I just needed some space, to be alone for a while.”

				“For five years?” The hurt mars her face like a fresh wound.

				For the first time I see things from my mother’s perspective. Jaxson rejected me. I rejected them. Not intentionally, but I did just the same. Maybe I withdrew from my family because they’d been right about him all along. I felt foolish and embarrassed. How could I not have known? Why didn’t I listen?

				“I didn’t move away to hurt you, Mom,” I say. “I wanted...I needed a fresh start. I never intended to push you guys away and I’m sorry.”

				“I’m sorry, too. The more you pulled away, the harder I pushed you. You were consumed by your work, afraid to let anyone in. Trying to deal with your father’s death and a devastating breakup. We were so worried about you.” Mom sucks in a deep breath and closes her eyes for an instant. “I thought you were chasing an impossible dream, hiding from life. But you stuck to your guns, and look where it’s gotten you. You’ve climbed the ladder in your career and found an incredible man who makes you happier than I’ve seen you in years. Don’t let a mistake he made a million years ago interfere with your happiness.”

				“I won’t. Promise.”

				“I’m so proud of you,” she says, “but I always have been.”





		 			 				Chapter Thirty-Three

				Raine pulls in the driveway in his rental car. I put on my coat and boots and hurry outside.

				He’s making his way up the walk when he sees me barreling toward him. He pauses, looking slightly uneasy.

				I put my arms around him and bury my face in his chest. “I love you, too,” I tell him.

				“You sure this isn’t just pity?”

				I shake my head vehemently. “Positive. Love can make a girl a little crazy, especially when she’s not used to feeling this way.” I fiddle with the buttons of his navy blue peacoat. “I don’t know why I couldn’t see it before.”

				“I do.” Sadness creeps into his voice. “You were afraid I’d disappoint you, and I did. I’m sorry, babe. I wish I’d handled this better.”

				“We both could’ve handled things better,” I concede. “But the only thing that matters now is how we feel about each other and what we want from this relationship.”

				Raine leans his forehead against mine. “I know exactly what I want from this relationship.” He smiles like an impish child. “But perhaps we should discuss that later.”

				One corner of my mouth turns up in a reserved smile. His smile deepens and he presses his lips against mine. We kiss again. And again. Each time lingering a bit longer. I’m seriously considering ditching dinner so Raine and I can spend the rest of the day holed up at my place. In bed.

				My mother, who seems to have a radar in her head that alerts her whenever I’m getting a little lip action, hasn’t lost her touch. She opens the front door. “There’ll be plenty of time for that after dinner, you two. Now get in here before you both freeze to death.”

				“Yes, Ellie.” Raine wipes traces of my lip gloss from his mouth. “We’ll be right there.”

				“Don’t bother wiping away the evidence,” Mom teases him as he leans down to kiss her on the cheek. “We’ve all seen the show from the picture window.”

				My nephews practically fall to the floor giggling. Mimi, Jamie, Marcus and Miles are laughing, too.

				“Ha, ha, ha.” I feign annoyance. “Isn’t there anything more interesting on television?”

				“Yeah, but Mommy doesn’t let us watch the kissing,” Mickey says. Both the boys fall into a fit of giggles again.

				“That’s enough, boys.” Mimi tries to hide a grin. “Leave Aunt Melanie and Uncle Raine alone.”

				Raine and I exchange glances. His cheeks flush. He smiles at my sister then crosses the room to hug her. She squeezes him tightly.

				“I’m glad you made it.” Jamie hugs Raine next. My mom, Mimi and I exchange looks. Jamie’s offering a hug to someone who doesn’t live in our house and whom she doesn’t plan on sleeping with? Our little girl is growing up.

				Raine hugs her back, a big smile on his face. He knows enough about Jamie to realize this is a special honor. “It’s great to see you again, Jamie.” He smiles broadly.

				Raine greets Marcus and Miles. Then he scoops up each of my nephews and gives them a big hug. Mickey and Dusty excitedly recount the details of our recent outing at the basketball game. They beg Raine to take them to see the Browns.

				He tousles their hair and tells them he’ll see what he can do about Browns tickets.

				“Dinner will be ready in about thirty minutes,” Mom announces as she straightens her watch, a gift from my father ages ago. “Why don’t you boys head into the family room and watch the game. Girls, help me get a few last-minute things ready for dinner.”

				Mom returns to the kitchen. As we shuffle to our respective assignments, the doorbell rings. I answer the door.

				Walter stands at the front door in a lumberjack hat and army green parka. His handsome face barely peeks through. He smells of Bengay and Old Spice. “Hello, Melanie. It’s good to see you again.” His broad smile makes him even more handsome. His dark eyes dance.

				“Hello, Walter.” I return his smile. “I’m glad you could join us for dinner. Please, come in.”

				Walter exhales and his smile deepens. He nods and follows me into the house. “Thank you.”

				I take his coat and boots. He selects a pair of house shoes. It’s a pair I don’t recognize. My mother probably bought them for him.

				“The guys are in the family room watching the game.” I indicate the room where Raine, Marcus, Miles and the boys are yelling at the Browns quarterback.

				“Thanks.” He looks a little wary.

				“Why don’t I reintroduce you to everyone?”

				He lets out a little sigh. “I’d appreciate that.”

				I smile and take him to see my sisters first. Mimi hugs him. Jamie shakes his hand. Then I take him to settle in with the guys. The boys grab him by the hand and begin telling him about all of their friends from school. He seems comfortable with my nephews. I wonder if he has grandchildren of his own.

				Marcus offers him a beer. Walter declines but seems relieved by this show of hospitality.

				“I see you’re in good hands,” I tell Walter. Then I head back to the kitchen to let my mother know that her guest, our guest, is here.

				“So tell me, what do you think of Walter?”

				“He seems sweet,” I say carefully. “But I haven’t really had a chance to get to know him.”

				She sighs. “I know. That’s my fault. I was afraid to tell you about my relationship with Walter, so it was uncomfortable having him here for dinner. But he’s been begging me to invite him again for months.”

				“He’s a brave man. He gets extra points for that.”

				“Yes, I suppose he should. He’s been so patient and understanding. Every step of the way he’s allowed me the time I needed. He’s different from most of the guys at the senior center.” Mom carefully arranges baby potatoes and carrots around her legendary pot roast on a large silver platter.

				“What’re you saying, Mom? The senior center is a den of horny old men just itching to get into everyone’s granny pants?” I try to hide a smirk as I grab a baby carrot from the platter and nibble.

				As I reach for another, my mother smacks my hand, gently, just as she did when I tried to swipe icing as a kid.

				“You have no idea how closely the senior center resembles high school,” she says. “There are a couple of fellas who’ve just about made their way through every woman at the center—present company excluded, of course.”

				I stare at her, my mouth hanging open.

				“They give out condoms like lollipops,” my mother whispers. “The stories I could tell. You wouldn’t believe it.”

				“That’s okay.” I put my hands up. “I’ll take your word for it. The point is, Walter seems like a good guy. I trust your judgment and I look forward to getting to know him.”

				“Good.” Mom picks up the silver tray and uses her backside to bump the door open. She puts the tray on the table and calls everyone to dinner.

				We quickly fill in around the table. Walter, a straggler, approaches the table cautiously. He makes his way toward the empty seat beside my mother, but I grab him by the elbow.

				“Walter, why don’t you sit here?” I pull out the chair at the head of the table—the seat we’ve left empty for the past six years.

				Walter looks at me then at my mother, who now has tears in her eyes. “Here? At the head of the table? Are you sure you’re okay with this?”

				Mom probably warned him not to sit there. I’m sure she thought I’d have a nuclear meltdown. Before our talk earlier, I probably would have. But I feel differently now. Walter isn’t here to take my father’s place. He’s the beginning of a new Chapter in our family history. One I hope will bring my mother immense joy for years to come.

				“Very sure. Sit. Please.”

				He pats me gently on the arm. “Thank you, Melanie.”

				Walter takes his seat, and I take mine beside Raine. I look around the table at my family. I’m so grateful for everyone at this table. Even Marcus.

				“Don’t anyone have a heart attack or anything.” My mother laughs nervously and dabs at her eyes with a dinner napkin. “But I thought it would be nice if we said grace today.”

				“Like at Thanksgiving?” Dusty asks.

				“Yes, like at Thanksgiving.” Mom smiles. “Because we have an awful lot to be thankful for.”

				“Like what?” Dusty inquires.

				“For the food, silly!” Mickey exclaims. “My teacher says there are little kids all over the world who don’t get to eat every day like we do.”

				“That’s true, Mickey,” Mimi says. “We should be very grateful for what we have.”

				“And for who we have,” my mother adds. “There are some pretty amazing people at this table. I’m grateful each and every one of you is part of my life.”

				We might not be perfect, but we’re family and we love each other.

				“Who’s gonna say the grace?” Mickey inquires.

				“I think we should ask our guest, Mr. Walter, to say grace for the family.” Mom nods in Walter’s direction. His face belies a mixture of pride and surprise.

				He nods and bows his head.

				“Wait! First we have to hold hands!” Dusty says.

				“Goodness gracious, you’re right!” Mom slaps her palm against her cheek. “You stopped us just in the nick of time.”

				Dusty nods his head proudly and grabs his brother’s hand on one side and his father’s on the other. We make a chain of hands that travels around our dining table, yet stretches an emotional decade. I hold Raine’s hand on one side and Walter’s on the other. Now we’re ready.

				Walter bows his head and we all follow suit. He says a simple, heartfelt prayer expressing gratitude for the food, family and good friends.

				Once our plates and our glasses are filled, the adults’ with Pink Catawba from a local winery, the kids’ with apple juice, my mother lifts her glass and proposes a toast.

				“To perfect love and imperfect people.”

				“To perfect love and imperfect people,” we all echo. Then we clink our glasses together and enjoy our family dinner.





		 			 				Chapter Thirty-Four

				Dinner seemed to last forever. All I could think of was getting Raine back to my apartment. In fact, there was a moment when I wondered if I could get away with sneaking off to the basement and making out in the laundry room.

				Raine left dinner early. He had a business meeting, but we agreed to meet at his hotel room later.

				I’ve barely stepped foot in his room before we’re in each other’s arms. It feels like it’s been ages since we’ve been together like this, his skin against mine. Now that I’ve finally said the words I love you, my feelings suddenly seem more intense. I’m no longer resisting the powerful connection between his heart and mine.

				As we kiss, touch, make love, I give myself to him in a way I haven’t before. Every touch conveys meaning. Each caress is an unspoken word.

				After we make love, he slips into his boxers and excuses himself. He comes back into the bedroom with a bottle of champagne and a tray of chocolate-covered strawberries.

				“Ooh! Decadent!” I swipe one of the delicious treats from the tray when he offers it to me. “What a nice surprise.”

				“I thought you’d like them. I got them at the restaurant where I met Bill Naples for drinks after dinner.”

				“So how’d the meeting go?”

				“It went well. I’ve got some great news. At least, I hope you’ll think it’s great news.”

				I pull the sheet around me and draw my knees to my chest. “So, what is it?”

				“First, I have to make a confession.”

				I freeze, displaying a half-chewed strawberry in my gaping mouth. My eyes are as wide as silver dollars.

				“It’s nothing to worry about,” he quickly reassures me.

				My shoulders relax.

				“I’ve been meeting with potential funding organizations and political leaders here in Cleveland during my visits. That’s how I’ve occupied my time while you were working.” Raine pours a flute of champagne and hands it to me. He pours a second for himself. He slips back under the covers next to me and puts his arm around me.

				“Hmm...so exactly how long have these clandestine meetings been going on? And what’s the big secret?” I take a sip from my glass. The bubbles tickle my nose.

				Raine takes a sip from his glass then he sets it on the nightstand. “You know Cleveland was the inspiration for Focused for Life.”

				I nod and take another sip.

				“I’ve always wanted to start an office here in the city that inspired me. I’ve been meeting with community leaders to see how feasible it would be to bring the program here and to see if it would be well-received.”

				“I’m sure they jumped at the opportunity to bring Focused for Life here. God knows we need something like it.”

				He nods. “They were all eager for us to establish a Chapter here. Especially the councilmen and women serving impoverished neighborhoods. Even some of the suburban mayors I met with saw the benefits of it.”

				“You’ve met with local mayors?” I have the feeling Raine Mason will never cease to amaze me.

				“I hope you aren’t pissed about me keeping this a secret.” He laughs nervously. “I didn’t want to get your hopes up until I knew where the program stood.”

				“I’m not angry.” I shake my head. “Just surprised. So what became of your meetings?”

				“Everyone supported the idea. Several people referred me to possible funding sources. Two of the leads panned out. Myra, my funding manager, was able to come up with a few more. Bottom line—we now have enough to open an office here in Cleveland and finance the program for the first five years.”

				“Oh my God!” I put my glass on the nightstand then hug and kiss him. “How could I not be happy about this? This is fantastic news!”

				“I know you said you love me today.” He takes my hand in his. “But I wasn’t sure how you’d feel about me moving here full-time. It’s easier to love someone from a safe distance.”

				“It’s easier to adore someone when you don’t have to deal with his idiosyncrasies and dirty socks,” I say, smiling. “But you can’t truly love someone without having intimate knowledge of each other, in a way no one else does. That’s what I want for us. Do you think we can have that?”

				“I’d love that.”

				“Good. Then that’s settled,” I say. “There’s only one thing more for us to discuss before we get to my favorite part of the evening—Round Two.”

				Raine laughs. “Then by all means, ask away.”

				“When’re you moving here, and have you decided where you’ll stay? Because if you haven’t made any plans, I have this huge bed that I only use half of and a master bathroom with two sinks, yet I only use one. And I have this fantastic view of downtown Cleveland, but the truth is, I don’t get to take advantage of it nearly enough...”

				“Wait...” He presses a hand, fingers splayed, to his chest. A tentative smile slowly lights up his face. “You’re...asking me to move in with you?”

				“Effective immediately. Mi casa es su casa.”

				Raine squeezes my hand. “I’d love to wake up to your gorgeous face every morning. But are you sure you’re ready for this?”

				“Yes.” My hands shake a little as I raise the glass to my mouth again. “I am.”

				“The last thing I wanna do is scare you off with too much too soon. And the money, as you know, isn’t an issue. I can rent a condo if you’d rather have your own space.”

				“I like my space just fine with you in it,” I say. And I mean it. I’m not saying it because I think I should. I’m inviting Raine to share my home, my love and my life because I know that each of these things will be better with him in them. “But if it’s too much too soon for you, I completely understand.”

				A relieved smile spreads across his face. He clutches me tightly. “Then I accept your offer,” he says. “Thanks.”

				“Don’t thank me.” I pull back and wink at him. “You’ll be paying half the mortgage.”

				Raine laughs. “I think I can handle that.”

				“Now that we’ve got that settled,” I say in my best sultry, sex siren imitation, “I believe there was talk of Round Two.” I drop the sheet, revealing the upper half of my unclothed body. “You wouldn’t want to disappoint your new roommate, now would you?”

				Raine laughs and pulls me toward him. “Of course not. I’m a man of my word.”

				We spend the night at his hotel. There is very little sleeping involved.





		 			 				Chapter Thirty-Five

				I am completely fucked. And not in a good way.

				I float into my office on Monday morning in a hazy, post-coital glow. The muscles of my face literally hurt from twelve hours of grinning like a lovesick idiot. “Good morning!” I practically sing as I hang my coat on the rack. “I had the most amazing weekend.”

				I look over at Leslie when she doesn’t respond. She nods a greeting. Her eyes narrow and her lips press into a tight smile.

				“What’s wrong?”

				She nods toward the conference room then whispers, “Mr. Jasper and Ms. Fisher are here.”

				My hands suddenly feel clammy and my shoulders are tight. I glance down the hall. “Damien and Jane are here? Now?”

				She nods fervently as she approaches me. “They arrived when I did this morning. Thank goodness I was a half hour early.” Her voice is barely audible. “I tried to call you, but your phone went straight to voice mail.”

				“Damn!” I pull my phone out of my purse and turn it back on. “What kind of mood were they in?”

				“They were pleasant enough, but they seemed a bit uptight.”

				“That would describe Damien on the best day of his life,” I say in a hushed tone. “Still, there’s no way they’d hop a plane to Cleveland three weeks before Christmas if it wasn’t something major.” I hand Leslie my bag and purse and run my fingers through my hair. Taking a deep breath, I straighten my skirt, which twisted itself halfway around on the walk to work. “Wish me luck.”

				“Good luck,” Leslie says as we both stare down the hall.

				“Good luck with what?” Priscilla puts down her Louis Vuitton briefcase and hangs her coat.

				“Damien and Jane are here in the conference room.” I nod in the direction of the room, where I fear my role as branch manager will end as quickly as it began.

				Priscilla is far less surprised by the news of Damien and Jane’s unannounced visit. “Excellent! I have something I’ve been meaning to give him.” A smirk is perched on her collagen-filled lips. She heads down the hall to her office then calls over her shoulder, “Good luck, Gordon!” Under her breath she adds, “You’re gonna need it.”

				Leslie elbows me in my side so hard I think she just bruised a rib. “I told you not to trust her. That heifer has something to do with this. I guarantee you.”

				“Let’s not get bent out of shape until we know exactly what this is about.” I feign confidence, despite the fact that I feel beads of sweat trickling down my armpits. I glance toward Priscilla’s door, fists clenched at my side, jaw trembling. It would be worth losing my job to take off my earrings and give that scheming, plasticized little bitch an ass-whipping she will never, ever forget.

				Leslie puts a hand on my arm. “Forget about her right now. Just take a nice, deep breath.”

				I nod and force a grateful smile. As I walk down the hall, my path is more of a zigzag than a straight line. I inhale deeply, then turn the conference room doorknob. “Damien, Jane.” My ear-to-ear grin is Joker-worthy. “This is a pleasant surprise. What brings you to the Great Lakes branch?”

				Damien rises from his seat, offers a terse greeting and shakes my hand. Jane follows suit.

				“Please, have a seat, Ms. Gordon.” Damien indicates the seat directly across from him. I sit, and so does he. “I wish this visit wasn’t prompted by a crisis of potentially substantial magnitude.”

				My eyes widen and my mouth falls open. I lick my lips and clench my trembling hands in my lap. “What crisis? Things are going well here. As my weekly reports indicate, we’re well ahead of our projected growth.”

				“Yes, yes.” Damien waves his hand dismissively. “Your numbers have been quite impressive. But I’m far more concerned with the impact your personal activities and lifestyle may have on the reputation of Jasper & Graevel.”

				“How are my personal activities and lifestyle negatively impacting the reputation of Jasper & Graevel?” I clench my fists beneath the table. “Seventy percent of my waking hours—and twenty percent of my sleep—is committed to reaching those impressive numbers.”

				“And we do appreciate that,” Jane interjects. “But we’re concerned that your new associate may cause problems for you and for us.”

				“My new associate? Leslie?”

				“No, we’re referring to your new beau,” Damien says in a sardonic tone, the edges of his mouth downturned. His cool stare sends a chill down my spine.

				I take a deep breath and sit tall in my chair, lengthening my spine. Arms folded on the table, I look Damien squarely in the eye. “You’re referring to my boyfriend, Raine Mason, I suppose.” He nods. “Raine doesn’t work for J&G,” I say sharply, chin lifted. “I do. My personal life is my business.”

				“Not when it has the potential to impact ours.” Damien places his hands on the table, pushing his shoulders practically up to his ears.

				It feels like Damien and I are staring each other down at the O.K. Corral. I take a deep breath. “I haven’t done anything wrong. Are you telling me that J&G expects me not to have a personal life?”

				“Of course not.” For a moment there’s a softness in Damien’s eyes, like a father dealing with his wayward daughter. “But you do realize—pardon my language—that the Montgomery family is a tabloid reporter’s wet dream,” he says. “Do you honestly think you can cavort with one of them and not end up splashed across those rags?”

				Sighing, I think of Daniel Delveccio, the slimy reporter from Celebrity Life. I spent the days after his visit holding my breath and hoping I wouldn’t make the news. When several days passed, seemingly without incident, I figured I’d dodged the bullet. At least for now.

				“How do you know about Raine?” I ask, my eyebrows furrowed. “Are you investigating me?”

				“We haven’t been investigating you,” Damien says pointedly. “But someone has.” He shoves a copy of the photos Delveccio snapped across the table, a perturbed look on his face. “These photos were taken right here in the J&G office.”

				“How’d you get these?” I cringe and turn the pictures facedown.

				“Good morning, Damien. Good morning, Jane.” Priscilla bounces into the room. “So glad you both were able to make it.”

				“We’re in a private meeting right now, Ms. Cohen,” Damien says, teeth clenched, jaw tight. “We’ll speak with you later.”

				“Oh, I’m sorry.” Priscilla covers her mouth and bats her eyes, in mock remorse. “But since I’m here, I didn’t want to forget to give you this.” Priscilla rummages in the pocket of her Aquilano Rimondi shift dress and pulls out the Mont Blanc pen Damien gave me. The one I’ve been looking for for the past few weeks. She leans across the table and hands it to him.

				“My pen!” I say. “You took it.” Bitch!

				“You mean the three-hundred-dollar pen you helped yourself to.” Priscilla crosses her arms, looking self-satisfied.

				“I gave Ms. Gordon that pen as a gift on the day of her promotion.” The lines etched between Damien’s brows deepen. “Quite frankly, I never wanted to see the damned thing again. It was a gift from my ex-wife.”

				Priscilla’s face flushes. Genuine embarrassment? That’s something I didn’t think her capable of. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to—”

				“It cost me three million dollars, plus alimony, to get rid of that woman.” He shudders, handing the pen to me again. “She, and that damned pen, keep turning up again like a bad penny.”

				Jane and I shift uncomfortably in our chairs. Discovering that Damien Jasper is, in fact, human is a little disconcerting.

				“Like I said, it was my mistake,” she says. “I was only trying to help.”

				“Were you?” Jane leans forward, her eyes narrowing. “Is that why you sent us these photos? Or was it because you’re bent on sabotaging Melanie?”

				“You sent these?” I stare at Priscilla, barely able to get the words out without choking on them. “How’d you get them? You weren’t even here when Delveccio came to the office.”

				“Perhaps I can answer that.” Damien scrolls through his cell phone. “It was you who tipped the reporter off about Ms. Gordon’s involvement with Mr. Montgomery.” The muscles of Damien’s face are tight. His nostrils are flared. His tone is biting.

				“I...I don’t know what you’re talking about.” The smidgen of color Priscilla has drains from her face. Her breathing is more rapid. “Why would I do something like that?”

				“Cut the act.” Jane jabs her finger in Priscilla’s direction. “Your blind ambition caused you to jeopardize not only Melanie’s career, but the interests of this firm.”

				“Why do you think it was me who talked to that reporter?” Priscilla tucks her hair behind her ear. “Anyone could look at that photo in her office and see that her boyfriend was really Beau Montgomery.”

				“Mr. Delveccio has named you as the source of a story in which he’s no longer interested.” Damien turns the phone to face her.

				Priscilla’s eyes move back and forth quickly as she scans the email. She drops down in the nearest chair, her hand to her forehead.

				The room is quiet as Damien and Jane patiently await her response. My jaw is clenched. The sound of my raging heartbeat pounds in my ears. I could kill Priscilla. Literally. With my bare hands.

				She clears her throat and straightens her back against the chair. “It would only have been a matter of time before some reporter showed up at our door. I figured it would be better if we could control the timing. Like a controlled forest fire.”

				“You sent me these photos to warn me of a situation that could be damaging to the reputation of our firm,” Damien says. “But it’s you who put the reputation of this firm at risk.”

				“I know this doesn’t look good right now,” Priscilla says, “but there’s no such thing as bad publicity. Sure, Jasper & Graevel would’ve been mentioned in the article, but only in a positive light. And it would’ve been incidental to the larger story—the discovery of Beau Montgomery. So what would’ve been the harm, really?”

				Damien, whom I’d thought incapable of demonstrating any emotion beyond annoyance and mild displeasure, looks like he’s about to pop a blood vessel. “Ms. Cohen, your services are no longer required here at Jasper & Graevel.” Damien spits the words out. Then he takes a deep breath and his voice returns to its normal steadiness. “Jane will go with you while you pack your things here. Don’t worry about packing your desk in San Francisco. Your things will be boxed and shipped to you.”

				Jane, his tiny enforcer, hurries out of her seat and stands by the door, her arms folded and jaw set.

				“You’re firing me over this?” Priscilla says with the outrage and disbelief of a woman who’s been wrongly accused of a crime. “I’ve been an invaluable asset to Jasper & Graevel for the past four years. Do you have any idea how much money I’ve made for you?”

				“I do.” Damien nods. “I also know that you’ve been a divisive factor for as many years as you’ve been here. You’ve put this firm’s good name in jeopardy. And apparently you nearly killed Ms. Gordon by causing her to have a severe allergic reaction.”

				“You did make me sick that day!” I stand, leaning against the table. “Why? So you could take my meeting with the Crushers?”

				“Would you have allowed me to start meeting with your precious clients otherwise?” Priscilla rises to her feet, her arms crossed. She stares at me as if this entire ordeal is my fault. “Besides, it’s not like you were going to die or anything. I gave you Benadryl, didn’t I?”

				I now know how bulls feel when they face a matador in the ring. The room is drenched in a shock of red. My hands are drawn like magnets to her scrawny bird neck. I want to pounce on Priscilla like a jungle cat and slam her head on the table repeatedly.

				Damien stands and holds out a hand in my direction. “Have a seat, Ms. Gordon,” he says calmly. “Allow me to handle this.”

				Letting out a long gust of air, I nod and sit back in my chair.

				“Ms. Cohen, you were asked to leave. There won’t be a problem that could have a negative impact on your severance, will there?”

				Priscilla huffs and leaves the room with Jane on her heels.

				Damien and I sit in silence for a few seconds. Finally when my heartbeat returns to a normal rate, I speak. “How’d you know Priscilla tipped off Delveccio? Or about her sabotaging my meeting with the Crushers?”

				“I received an email from an Autumn Montgomery,” he says. “I believe you know her.”

				“Raine’s sister? Why would she email you?”

				“Ms. Montgomery has done some investigating of her own. Apparently Delveccio and a coworker Priscilla confided in sang like canaries.” He puts his cell phone back in the breast pocket of his immaculately tailored suit. “Ms. Montgomery was protecting her brother, and you by extension. This time it worked in your favor. Ms. Gordon, do you trust me?”

				I force my eyes to meet his and swallow. “No,” I say.

				The corner of his mouth curls in a proud smirk. “Good. You should never completely trust anyone. Don’t be fooled by the Montgomerys, no matter how noble or stupid they appear. A family that powerful will always protect its own interests.”

				“Thank you, Damien.” His inference that Raine isn’t to be trusted smarts, but I’m determined not to let him see this. “I appreciate your continued confidence in me.”

				“You’ll have it until I have valid reason to believe otherwise.” Damien stands. “But remember, this company is my family. I’ll do anything necessary to protect its interests.”

				“I know.” I follow him to the door.

				“Good,” he says. “I’m glad we understand each other.”

				* * *

				After Damien, Jane and Priscilla are gone, I update Leslie on what’s happened. I wait until it’s a decent hour for a party girl living on the West Coast, then I go into my office, dig out Autumn Montgomery’s business card and dial her number.

				“Autumn, this is Melanie. Melanie Gordon.”

				“Hey, Melanie. What’s up?”

				I can barely hear her. There are voices and music in the background. “Why did you email my boss?”

				“I was hoping Mr. Jasper would keep that confidential.” Her tone becomes serious.

				“That’s not an answer.”

				“I had to be sure it wasn’t you who tipped off that fucking sleazeball reporter,” she says. “Once I found out who the snitch was, I hired a PI to do some digging. That Priscilla’s a real piece of work. Her neighbors and coworkers were only too happy to spill their guts once my guy waved a few bucks in their faces.” Autumn must have ducked into the bathroom to take my call. The background noise is gone, and her voice seems to echo off the walls.

				“How’d you get Delveccio to kill the story?”

				“What he wanted, more than the money, was a shot at becoming a legitimate journalist. I pulled a few favors. He got a job at the Telegraph. I got the file he’s been keeping on our family.”

				“Why’d you do it?” I tap the Mont Blanc pen against my desk blotter. “Stories about your family run in the tabloids all the time. You guys seem to live for publicity. So why’d you kill the story?”

				“I know we’re fucked up and dysfunctional and it seems like we don’t give a shit about each other,” Autumn says, slightly agitated. “But I love my brother and I’d do anything to protect him. He’s been through enough. I don’t want to see him get hurt again.”

				“I get why you killed the story.” I ignore her barely veiled threat. “Why’d you save my job?”

				“Nobody fucks with the Montgomerys,” she says. “My brother loves you. That makes you one of us. Like it or not.” She drags on what, according to the well-publicized terms of her probation, had better be a cigarette.

				Buzzed Autumn, I’ve decided, is far less tolerable than Hung-Over Autumn. “Well, whatever your reason for doing it, I’m grateful that you did,” I say. “I’ve worked hard to get to this point in my career.”

				“I know and I admire you for it.” She takes another drag and then coughs like she’s about to lose a lung. “I’m sorry if I came off a little bitchy. I’ve had a hell of a week.”

				“It’s fine.” I shrug. My cell phone rings. Raine’s picture shows up on the screen. “I’ve gotta go anyway. Your brother’s calling.”

				“Hey, is there any way we can keep this from Beau? He hates it when we meddle in his life.”

				Taking a deep breath, I watch my phone inch across the desk. “I’m sorry, Autumn. I can’t. We promised each other no more secrets.”

				“I was afraid you’d say that,” she moans. “Whatever, it’s fine. Tell Beau I said hey and that I love him,” she says. A toilet flushes in the background. “I gotta go. Bye.”

				* * *

				I know I should let this go, but I can’t. I’m no angel, nor do I expect everyone in the world to love me. But I have to know, need to know, why Priscilla Cohen has gone to such great lengths to ruin my life.

				After Leslie has gone for the day, I pick up the telephone and give Priscilla a call.

				“Calling to gloat, Gordon?” Her tone is icier than the inside of a Sub-Zero freezer. “If so, I’m not in the mood. You won. Game over.”

				“This isn’t a game. It’s my life. And it was your career.”

				“I fucked up. I think we’ve already established that,” she says. “So if you don’t have anything new, I’ve got some packing to do.”

				“I just need to know why,” I say. “Despite everything that’s happened between us, I have to admit, you’re a hell of a headhunter. So why’d you risk everything just to ruin my life? What did I ever do to you to make you hate me so much?”

				Priscilla sighs heavily but doesn’t say anything. I drum my fingers on the desk, waiting.

				“Look, I don’t wanna do this right now,” she says. “Meet me at my place in two hours. I have a few client files I have to turn over to you anyway.”

				I bite my lip and tap my fingers on the table a few times. “Okay,” I hear myself say. “I’ll see you in two hours.”

				* * *

				“Are you crazy?” Leslie practically bites my head off through the phone when I tell her I’m on my way to Priscilla’s apartment. “She already tried to kill you once!”

				“She’s vindictive, but she’s not insane,” I say. Though I’m not so sure I believe it. “I’ll be fine. I just wanted you to know where I was going—”

				“In case you come up missing?”

				“Something like that.”

				“Uh-huh.”

				“Stop worrying and go back to dinner with the girls,” I say.

				“If you don’t call me back in thirty minutes, I’m calling the cops.”

				“Fine,” I say. “I’m here. Call you in half an hour.”

				I close my eyes, take a deep breath and knock on the door. There’s no answer, so I knock harder. I hear footsteps approach. The door swings open.

				“Mel? What are you doing here?” Jaxson, dressed only in a pair of boxers, closes the door partially, as if I haven’t already seen the entire show.

				“I’m here because Priscilla asked me to come here,” I say. “Let me guess, she called you a couple of hours ago and said something like, ‘If you can be here in an hour, I’ll fuck your brains out.’ Sound about right?”

				He shifts his weight from one foot to the other. A deep shade of red peeks through his warm brown skin tone. “I’m sorry, kid. I didn’t know she invited you here, I swear.”

				“Save it, Jaxson.” I wave him off. “Three days ago you were on my couch telling me how much you loved me. Today you’re stepping out of someone else’s bed. Something about that seems astonishingly familiar.”

				I push my way into the apartment past a still-stunned Jaxson. Priscilla stands in the middle of the living room, wearing what I presume is his dress shirt with only the three middle buttons fastened.

				“I guess I let the time get away from me.” Priscilla can barely contain her victory grin. “We thought you were the pizza guy.”

				“The files?” I stick my hand out.

				“Right.” She picks up a stack of folders on the coffee table and hands them to me. “Sorry, but now’s not the best time for us to talk after all.” She nods toward Jax and smirks. “We were right in the middle of something.”

				“If memory serves me,” I say, looking over my shoulder at Jaxson with a smug smile, “there is no middle. Just a beginning and a really quick end.”

				Priscilla folds her arms, narrows her eyes and scrunches her post-surgery nose. The triumphant smile tightens. “You’ve got your files. But I guess the talk will just have to wait.”

				“We don’t need to talk.” I tuck the folders under my arm and smile. “I got the answer I was looking for. This isn’t about me at all. It has everything to do with who you are. You’re a spiteful bitch, a miserable being incapable of feelings and unworthy of my consideration. In fact—” I nod toward Jax, “—I can’t think of two people who deserve each other more.”

				The smirk leaves Priscilla’s face. One eye blinks involuntarily. Jax puts his head down and covers his face with his hand.

				I head down the hall and punch the elevator button.

				“You think you’re such hot shit, Miss Regional Branch Manager.” Priscilla stands in the hallway in her bare feet. “Damien was against opening a Great Lakes branch from the start. His partner overrode him on the decision. The only reason you got the job is because if the shit hit the fan, they could roll the whole thing up and hang it around your neck. Damien considered you acceptable collateral damage.”

				My heart beats furiously in my chest, but I refuse to look back at her, even though I know what she says is true. My sudden promotion felt too good to be true. Now I know why. It was.

				Once I step into the elevator, I lean against the wall and let out a deep breath. I don’t feel angry or sad. Just relieved. All I want to do is go home to the man I love. The man I know, without a doubt, loves me.

				Raine may not be perfect, but he’s everything I want. Everything I need. Suddenly being with him doesn’t feel like settling for less than perfect. It feels like I’ve been given a tremendous gift. One I will treasure for the rest of my life.





		 			 				Epilogue

				I look at myself in my mother’s full-length vintage mirror. For the first time in my life I can say—without equivocation—that I look absolutely beautiful. I might even use the word stunning.

				I’m wearing an exquisite, one-shoulder, pale pink silk taffeta gown. I flare the short train out behind me in dramatic fashion. Reaching up, I readjust the small crown of flowers circling my simple but elegant updo. A few curls, not a single one of them in their usual unruly state, spills over the crown of flowers.

				I’m surrounded by the women in my family. My sisters, my mother, my aunts, my cousins. Everyone looks more beautiful than I’ve ever seen them. Tonie, a makeup artist and a friend of Mimi’s, has been hired to come to my childhood home and make everyone’s faces for today’s monumental event. It’s a day we never expected to come. Another Gordon family wedding. For a while it seemed that no one except my sister would ever get married.

				My mother was so in her element the day Mimi got married. She floated around on cloud nine in a lavender gown, her hair in an elegant upsweep, her makeup just right. I remembered thinking I’d never seen her look happier. She told us it was one of the best moments of her life. Seeing one of her daughters on the brink of starting a family of her own, having found the love of her life. I can only hope she’s just as happy today.

				I want to remember everything about this day. How I look. How I feel. The tremendous amount of love from my family and friends. Just the thought of it overwhelms me. Tears begin to form and threaten to spill from my carefully made-up eyes. I think of all of Tonie’s hard work and do my best to choke back the tears. I fan my widened eyes, just the way she showed us. She used waterproof mascara, but even that can only take a girl so far.

				“Are you ready, baby?” My mother peeks her head into the doorway. “It’s time.” She looks lovely in a tea-length gown made of a delicate, cream-colored silk.

				I take a deep breath and nod. She hands me my bouquet of flowers, and we head downstairs, where Mimi, Jamie and my second cousin, Nyla, are gathered near the back door in the kitchen.

				“Finally!” Jamie stretches and rubs her burgeoning belly. “This kid thinks my bladder is an easy chair. Let’s get a move on before I have to pee again. Besides, we’ve gotta get out there before that man changes his mind.”

				“Be nice, you.” Mom points a finger at her.

				Leslie helps Jamie to her feet and hands her bouquet to her. She grabs my hand and leans in to kiss me, careful not to get lipstick on my face. “You look gorgeous.”

				“Thank you,” I say. “And thank you for doing this. You and Mimi have done a spectacular job today.”

				Leslie smiles, then she signals Mrs. Leonard, one of my mother’s dearest friends and a tolerable organist from the kitchen window. Mrs. Leonard shushes the crowd, and everyone takes their seats.

				Our backyard looks like a lush garden paradise. The lawn is thick, like plush, green carpet. Brightly colored peonies, impatiens and roses line the edges of the yard. A sea of white wooden folding chairs tied with cream-colored ribbon is divided into two sections—the groom’s side and the bride’s side. A white runner creates a pathway spanning from the back deck all the way to the minister waiting to perform the ceremony.

				My stomach does backflips. I remind myself to breathe in and out slowly. Just relax, and everything will be fine.

				Finally Mrs. Leonard begins to play the organ.

				Jamie, dressed in a knee-skimming sage-green dress with wide shoulder straps and an empress waistline, makes her way down the aisle.

				Mimi looks dazzling in a delicate, strapless gown in the faintest shade of peach. The dress is floor length with a thigh-high split that is tasteful, yet sexy. A spray of flowers attached to a delicate comb holds her hair neatly in place. My little sister looks regal.

				Now it’s my turn. I step onto the white runner and fix my eyes on the prize ahead of me. I ignore all of the people staring, oohing and ahhing. Right now I have to concentrate on breathing (in and out) and putting one foot in front of the other. I’m walking much faster than I should be, maybe even twice the agreed-upon bridal gait. But my chief concern is getting to the end of the aisle without tripping or otherwise making a complete fool of myself.

				Once I’m finally in my designated place, I let out a sigh of relief and wait for the real show to begin.

				Mrs. Leonard abruptly stops playing the organ. She stands up, clears her throat, then she switches on her little CD player. She waits for the right place in the music then closes her eyes and opens her mouth. She belts out “Ave Maria” in the clearest, truest voice I’ve ever heard. It’s pitch-perfect.

				Little Nyla walks down the aisle throwing red rose petals, head held high. She’s been practicing for this moment and isn’t about to blow it. Next stop, one of those kiddie beauty pageants at the mall.

				I watch as my mother floats down the aisle like a vision of Hollywood glamour from a 1940s film. She looks majestic with her head held high on her long, thin neck adorned with a string of her mother’s cultured pearls. A tiny pillbox hat is perched elegantly on her head with netting pulled down over her eyes. My mother looks amazing.

				I look at Walter as he watches her saunter down the aisle toward him. He’s crying and he isn’t even trying to hide it. He dabs at his eyes with the hankie Raine hands to him. Walter looks adorable in his black tuxedo. He’s sixty-four years old and getting married for the first time. He fell in love with a woman who made him want to put an end to his vow of lifelong bachelorhood.

				Tears fill my eyes once again. This time fanning won’t work. I pull out the hankie I stashed in my sash, just in case, and carefully dab my eyes.

				We watch as my mother and Walter exchange vows. We celebrate the love and joy they feel, hoping it’s contagious.

				After family wedding photos, we join our guests in the large tent erected in our backyard. The decorations are beautiful, and my mother looks radiant.

				Mom has always said Mimi’s wedding was one of the happiest days of her life. Today is the happiest day of mine. We’ve gotten to know and love Walter over the past six months. Today is merely a formality. He’s already part of our family.

				Miles and Raine have become part of our family, too.

				I squeeze Raine’s hand as he pulls out my chair to the left of my mother. Then I give him a quick kiss. I’m glad my mother decided to make Raine, Miles and Marcus part of this special day. Each of them makes handsome groomsmen. Mickey and Dusty are adorable ring bearers in their little cream tuxes with tails.

				“Little boys in cream tuxes?” Mimi groans. “What was Mommy thinking?”

				“I don’t know.” I shake my head. “But they’re adorable right now, aren’t they? I’d better take a few more pictures before they have the gravy.”

				Mimi and Jamie laugh. Jamie rubs her belly and repositions herself in her chair. I can’t help but smile. Jamie’s going to be a mother, and she and Miles are engaged. It still seems surreal.

				We enjoy a lovely wedding reception and a scrumptious meal. I’m having a great time, but I hate being separated from Raine.

				Finally it’s time for the bridal party’s dance. Raine leads me onto the dance floor, and we all dance to “At Last” by Etta James, one of Walter’s favorite songs. I love the feel of Raine’s arms around me as we sway on the dance floor. We even manage to incorporate the occasional spin without toppling anyone over. After the dance, everyone shifts places at the head table, with each of us managing to sit next to our significant other. I look down the table at my family.

				This is an incredibly happy time for all of us. My mother has a wonderful new husband. Jamie found an amazing man and she’s matured so much in the past year. She works at a gallery part-time and spends the rest of her time focused on creating art. Mimi rediscovered her passion. Her interior design and home staging business keeps expanding. Marcus’s graphic design business is doing quite well, too. And me, I finally found a man I love who also makes me very happy. I’ve stopped chasing my father’s dreams and started living my own life. I resigned my position with J&G. My new job in personnel at the museum starts next month. Lita Jeffries is the new manager of the Great Lakes branch. I spent the past month helping her and her new assistant transition into their new positions. Leslie resigned two months ago. She’s the office manager of the Cleveland branch of Focused for Life, and she couldn’t be happier.

				There’s only one thing that makes me sad about today. Mom’s selling the house and an anonymous party purchased it a little over a week ago. I understand why she needed to sell. It’s too big for her and Walter, and it’s filled with memories of her old life. Walter shouldn’t have to live in the shadow of those memories.

				A small piece of me hoped the house would stay in our family forever. Or at least long enough for my children to run up and down the stairs and build a fort in the backyard.

				Raine squeezes my hand. “Worried about your mom? You know she’s in good hands with Walter, right?”

				“I’m not worried about her. I’m happy for her. I’m just a little sad about the house. I’m not angry that she sold the house. It’s her right, and the upkeep has become too much for her. But there are so many great memories here.”

				“Memories don’t live in the house, honey. They’re here.” He lightly touches two fingers to my temple. “No one can take those from you.”

				“I know. I’m being silly.”

				“You’re not being silly. This house is special to you. Feelings of loss are normal.” He kisses my forehead.

				“I hope the new owners enjoy this house as much as we did.”

				Raine rubs my back and smiles at me reassuringly. “I’m sure they will.”

				Mom and Walter are about to leave for their new adult-living condo, where they’ll spend the night before he whisks her off on a fourteen-day tour of Europe. Something she’s always dreamed of doing.

				After toasts from Walter’s best friend, George, and my aunt Hattie, Mom announces that she has something to say.

				“I’m an incredibly lucky woman. Today I married my best friend.” My mother waits until the fervent “ahhs” from the crowd subside. “I’m lucky to have three beautiful daughters. And through them, I’ve come to know and love three outstanding young men I consider the sons I never had.

				“I have two handsome grandsons who I predict will go on to do very great things. And I look forward to having a granddaughter in just a few weeks.” She kisses her fingers and then holds them out toward Jamie, who’s slightly embarrassed by the attention, but returns the gesture with a contented smile.

				“Tonight I’m leaving the home that’s been the center of our family life for nearly thirty-five years. Selling it was something I needed to do, but I made the decision with a very heavy heart. I know it weighed heavily on the hearts of my girls, too. Especially my Melanie.” My mother points in my direction. I’m surprised by her comment. I tried to be nonchalant about it. I should have known I couldn’t put anything past her.

				“But today, I just got the best news. This house, our family home, was purchased as a gift to my daughter for her thirty-third birthday tomorrow.”

				I look at Raine. A wide grin spreads across his face. “Is she serious?” I whisper loudly as my mother continues to wax poetic about her family. “You bought the house?”

				“It meant so much to you. I wanted it to stay in your family.” He squeezes my hand. “One day our kids will play in this backyard.”

				I lean in and kiss him. “You didn’t have to do this.”

				“I know. I wanted to.”

				Squeezing my eyes shut, I picture my dad’s face. His warm eyes and generous smile. He would’ve liked Raine. I wonder if he can see me now. If he knows how happy we all are. If he’s smiling down on us.

				“Thank you,” I finally manage. “For everything.”

				Raine pulls me in closer and kisses the side of my face.

				“It’s gonna be hard to top this when your birthday rolls around,” I say.

				He squeezes my hand. “You’re the only gift I need.”

				* * * * *





		 			 				About the Author

				Reese Ryan is a hopeless romantic who writes sizzling contemporary fiction featuring deliciously flawed, multicultural characters. Reese has a passion for writing stories about women on journeys of self-discovery and the men who love them. She is fascinated by the secrets we keep from each other, and ourselves, and how the revelation of those secrets changes everything. Her fiction often explores the lives of characters struggling between living authentically and meeting expectations.

				In addition to being a novelist, Reese is a freelance journalist, social media manager and managing editor of a popular, long-running women’s e-zine. She’s an avid reader with a to-be-read stack that resembles a small skyscraper and a fan of a wide range of musical genres with a thing for brilliant singer-songwriters, and an addiction to musical soundtracks and film scores.

				A native of Cleveland, Ohio, Reese now lives in central North Carolina. She is settling into her role as a Bohemian Southern belle nicely, but will never forget her Midwestern roots. Cleveland remains the setting for much of her fiction. Her stories are a love letter to her hometown that is as passionate and complex as the relationships between her characters.

				Visit her online at www.ReeseRyan.com.





				Where no great story goes untold.

The variety you want to read, the stories authors have always wanted to write.

With new releases every week, your next great read is just a download away!



				Keep in touch with Carina Press:

Read our blog: www.CarinaPress.com/blog

Follow us on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CarinaPress

Become a fan on Facebook: www.facebook.com/CarinaPress





				ISBN: 9781426895876

				Copyright © 2013 by Roxanne Ravenel





				All rights reserved. By payment of the required fees, you have been 					granted the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and read the text of 					this e-book on-screen. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, 					down-loaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any 					information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether 					electronic or mechanical, now known or hereinafter invented, without the express 					written permission of publisher, Harlequin Enterprises Limited, 225 Duncan Mill 					Road, Don Mills, Ontario, Canada M3B 3K9.

				All characters in this book have no existence outside the 					imagination of the author and have no relation whatsoever to anyone bearing the 					same name or names. They are not even distantly inspired by any individual known 					or unknown to the author, and all incidents are pure invention.

				This edition published by arrangement with Harlequin Books S.A.

				® and ™ are trademarks of the publisher. Trademarks indicated with ® 					are registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian 					Trade Marks Office and in other countries.

				www.CarinaPress.com





