A SEAL UPON YOUR HEART

Pepper Pace





Copyright © 2013 by Pepper Pace. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of Pepper Pace. For information regarding permission contact; pepperpace.author@yahoo.com



ISBN-13:978-1482050578



ISBN-10:1482050579





Dedication

My good friend JG inspired this story and has become my unwitting muse. He is also the developmental editor—meaning, any grammatical or spelling mistakes made are completely my own.





Acknowledgments

I would like to acknowledge the contribution of my talented friend, Benroe, who rescued me with his contribution of three beautiful poems after discovering that I had spent six hours trying to write one mediocre one. Whoever said that a novelist can transition into a poet?



There are others that have rescued me when I was in need. JoAnne Henry is a long time reader on my blog and when I needed a title for this story, her college thesis title inspired my own.

Several years ago 800, 000 people were savagely murdered over a three month period of time. That number and the brutality suffered by the victims of the Rwanda genocide astounds me. I cannot begin to express my horror over the events surrounding that period in our recent history. While this story is a fictionalized account of one young survivors experience it is in no way meant to trivialize, romanticize or exploit those events.



This is, by far the most difficult story that I’ve ever written; genocide, religion, sex, death, love…and a man and woman’s journey to self. It has turned out to be that for me as well; a journey of self-discovery. For that reason A Seal Upon Your Heart is the most rewarding story that I’ve ever written.



-Pepper Pace

January 16, 2013





I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.

John 16:33





CHAPTER 1



They help you. They keep the rebels from raping and murdering you. They make sure your belly is full and there is a warm place to sleep. They teach you about God. And they tell you that your name is Jane and to forget that your dead mother and father had named you Martier Nufaika Besigye.



“Your father was imprisoned for crimes against humanity. That is not a last name that you should carry with you. And Martier sounds like a boy’s name. Jane. Do you like that name? You will be Jane Nufaika.”



They teach you everything that is important…except how to understand the world around you.



“I thought you might want to become an aspirant.” Sister Louise removed her small glasses and rubbed them with a worn tissue that lay crumpled on her desk. “There are many of us here that are willing to mentor you, Jane. When you went to school and studied theology…well,” the older woman smiled to herself, “I had hopes that you would join the sisterhood.”



Sister Louise seemed to forget that in order for the school to pay for your college education, you had to pursue some course or training in one of their prescribed curriculum. Well she didn’t want to be a nurse or secretary or even a bookkeeper. She had studied theology along with literature, and history as a means to understand the world around her. Theology was thrown in just so that Bartholoma would willingly pay for her further education.



But to become a nun…that was out of the question.



“Sister, I don’t believe I have the calling.”



“And you’ve prayed on it?”



No. “Yes, Sister.”



There was a short sigh. “Jane, I don’t want to see you leave. But you’ve graduated and received your degree…and you’re over eighteen, dear. This is a school for girls not women.”



She nodded quickly, feeling panic rise in her. “I understand Sister Louise…but I was hoping to be able to stay long enough to find a job…” Because the facts had been laid out before her; you either become a nun and stay or you go out into the world and good luck, goodbye and good riddance. She felt ashamed for her thoughts. The sisters had been good to her. They had prevented her from being raped, murdered, had provided her with food, a place to sleep, an education; and they had told her of this often enough.



Sister Louise had a Rolodex on her desk and she rifled through it once she’d replaced the glasses on the bridge of her nose. “Now that is something that I may be able to help you with.” She withdrew a card and examined it. “Tim Singleton, attorney at law. Mr. and Mrs. Singleton are one of our biggest supporters, even if it is just for the tax write-off,” the last she said mostly to herself.



Jane found that funny. Maybe Mr. Tim Singleton and his wife were humanitarians. There was no shortage of those among whites. They would say, ‘Oh my goodness. You survived genocide. You survived the refugee camp. Are you Tutsi or Hutu? Oh it doesn’t matter…it’s all the same in the end.’



She had been six years old; old enough to have memories—but there was only an empty hole there now. Still, she knew that they were wrong; it did matter. My name is Martier Nufaika Besigye. I am a child of Africa. I used to run in the sun with my brother and sisters-



“Jane?”



Her eyes moved back to Sister Louise who had the phone covered. “Mr. Singleton said that you can begin on Monday. Is that good?”



“What?”



Sister Louise sighed in practiced restraint. It was a sound that she was familiar with. “Jane, the job? Remember?”



“Yes.” She nodded quickly, feeling ashamed that she’d allowed herself to travel away from the present. It’s just that she had wanted to find her own job…one that she liked. Of course if she tossed away this opportunity, then Sister Louise would be very displeased and call her ungrateful.



“Yes. Monday is fine. Thank you.” The sister and the man over the phone continued to chat and Jane slipped out of the room, happy to be away from the scrutiny of the one person that she most loved and most despised.



She went back to the small room that she shared with Sister Callista. She had long ago moved out of the dormitory and was no longer considered a student of St Bartholoma International School for Girls. But she willingly helped out with the girls or in the kitchen or wherever else she was needed.



Jane dug into her drawer for the bundle of letters that she kept hidden beneath her bras and panties. It wasn’t that she couldn’t have letters. It’s just that Sister Nicolette and some of the others didn’t approve of Dhakiya. She smiled at the memory of her old friend. Jane used to love listening to her voice; her mutterings is what sometimes lulled her to sleep. It reminded her of home and she had felt an instant kinship to Dhakiya long before she had gained the courage to befriend the older girl.



Everyone said that she was a troublemaker and crazy, but because of this no one dared to mess with her. Jane had been at the school for two years before Dhakiya had joined them. The older girl was nearly eleven and had done something that Jane had never seen anyone else do; she had yelled at a sister. “My name is not Betty! My name is Dhakiya and I’m a child of Africa!”



“You are a child of God, first!” Sister Nicolette spat back angrily.



“You say!” Sister Nicolette smacked her hard and all of the smaller children had become nearly hysterical. But Dhakiya had just glared back. Later sister Nicolette had been reprimanded in front of everyone and was assigned to the older students, never to work with the young ones again. Dhakiya had been given double chores but barely seemed to care.



Later that night, Dhakiya lay in bed muttering while Jane fell asleep to the soothing words that no one else could make out. She was speaking Kinyarwanda and no one but Jane understood it.



“Mwaramutse, Jane.” Dhakiya had said one morning. Jane had flinched and looked away. The older girl slipped from her bed and placed her face inches from Jane’s.



“Don’t you dare forget. I am Tutsi and you are Hutu, but here we are just Africans. They took away your name but don’t let them take your history. “Mwaramutse!”



“Mwaramutse.” Jane whispered back.



“And I want you to say that to me each morning, little one; good morning in our own language.” Jane had nodded shyly at the bigger and tougher girl’s words.



Jane pulled the last letter from the envelope. It had been written three years ago. She looked at the address and telephone number, an invitation for her when she left St Bartholoma. Except Jane had never left and now she was 23 and didn’t know how to move forward.



Dhakiya had left on her eighteenth birthday and Jane had never again set eyes on her sister-friend. Even still, they had exchanged letters and the older woman had offered to help her when the time came. And now Jane hoped Dhakiya would help her find a place…just a place. She loved the sisters, but she also hated every second of her life with them.



She slipped the letter into the pocket of her dress and quickly replaced the others. Then she left the large building and walked into town. When she attended the all girl’s college there was a bus that collected her. But she rather enjoyed the long walk into town. It was the only time that she really got to see the world around her. Oh there was television and books. But the sister’s frowned on anything that was not considered educational.



Once they had watched a movie about faith and the husband and wife had kissed. Jane had felt a strange sensation at the sight of it. But Sister Nicolette said that those feelings were bad and needed to be suppressed. You weren’t allowed to touch yourself because doing so would only make you act on those bad feelings.



Later Dhakiya had said that Sister Nicolette was s stupid cow. “Jane it is your body to do with as you please. Who are they to say it is wrong to find pleasure in touching or even imagining?” She knew that her friend was right, but the sister’s were so convincing when they taught that those feelings were bad. And therefore you didn’t associate with things that brought those feelings to light. Yet she still could not completely forget that kiss. Her heart would race and her ears would ring and her eyes would imagine a man that wanted to place his lips on hers.



Why should that be bad? It wasn’t coupling. It was just her body becoming joyous—and not just over the idea of being married to God.



After an hour of brisk walking she finally reached town. She went straight for the public library because it was the only other place that she felt familiar with; it was almost like home, a place to study, to enjoy time away from the sisters, to read about things that didn’t have scripture in it. The library was more of a home to her than the school.



But her purpose for being there was to use the public phone. She slipped in the necessary coins and dialed the number that was on the letter that she nervously clutched. Maybe Dhakiya wouldn’t want to hear from her after all this time. Maybe she would be disappointed that she had chosen to stay so long when Dhakiya could barely wait to escape.



“Hello?”



“Hello, Dhakiya? I can’t believe it’s really you!” Any hesitation immediately left her at the familiar sound of her best friend’s voice.



“Ah! Martier? My God, little one, I never thought I’d hear from you.” Her rich voice caused Jane to smile. The accent was still present even though Jane had pretty much lost hers. “Where are you? Are you still at the school?”



“Yes-”



“Please tell me that you haven’t become a nun?!”



“No-”



“Thank God! We have to get caught up! Can we get together?” Her friend was speaking rapidly and Jane couldn’t help but to laugh out loud.



“Yes. I was hoping you’d say that-”



“Where are you? I can come get you.” Jane couldn’t stop smiling at her friend’s enthusiasm and it was almost as if they hadn’t last seen each other seven long years ago. Jane told her where she was and waited for Dhakiya to come and get her.





CHAPTER 2



Tim hung up the phone with a scowl. Sister-whatever-her-name-is had wrangled a favor out of him. He’d promised some girl a job, and not just any girl but one from a convent! The firm only hired through a temp service. It just made it much simpler to get rid of them.



Working closely with an assistant, a secretary, a paralegal was all very personal. Whether or not a girl stayed around for any amount of time should have been based on their knowledge and skill, but looks factored in just as importantly. Some even looked for the pretty ones. Tim knew this from experience. Once upon a time, hadn’t he done the same? An attorney involved in an interoffice affair was par for the course. Not that he had been married at the time, but close proximity and long hours just made things happen. However, he had never been tempted to cheat on Corrine, of that he was proud.



With a sigh, he grabbed his briefcase and left the office.



“Good night Mr. Singleton.” The temp said. He didn’t even try to think of her name. She was the third one that he’d had in the last six months. It had been a bad year…



He muttered some type of response and left, thinking about what he’d do with the girl from the school. He’d dump her into the clerical pool, or maybe the mailroom. There was no way that she could mess anything up down there.



Corrine had been very fond of her causes; one of which had been little orphaned children. He barely knew which charity his checks went to. His dear Corrine had been the one to keep up with that. But now…Tim shook the thought out of his head and stepped into the elevator. Joan, from records, gave him a soft smile. She was the only other person in the elevator.



“Tim. How are you?” He bit back his scowl. He despised that sound in people’s voices; pity or sympathy or-god forbid warmth. Warmth was the last thing he needed. If he stayed cold then he didn’t have to feel anything.



“Fine and yourself?” He responded dispassionately.



“I’m fine.” Tim didn’t look at her but he already knew the expression he’d see on her face; her eyes would be liquid and her brow gathered with a look of concern. “If you ever need to talk or anything…”



Anything.



He glanced at her and saw that instead of the liquid pools of concern, her eyes held an expression of interest. Well for fucks sake! Corrine’s only been dead a year. How dare she look at him like he was available, on the market, single, not still married to the ghost of his dead wife.



The elevator door opened and he allowed his face to show a bit of the disgust that he felt.



“Thank you, Joan. But I’m fine.” He swept out of the lift angrily, knowing that he was being an ass and taking his frustrations out on her, but not completely sure how to reign in his temper. He was just happy that once he left the office there would be no one to focus that anger on.



Tim drove the forty-five minute trip to the house that he’d had built for his wife nearly 15 years before. It was much too large for just the two of them. It was meant for all of the children that Corrine had wanted to have—but couldn’t.



Tim pulled the car into the garage and went into the house through the kitchen. There were dishes in the sink, which he ignored. He’d get to them this weekend sometime. He slipped off his suit jacket and hung it on the back of the barstool then searched the refrigerator for something to eat. He settled on cold cuts and made a quick sandwich. He washed it down with a beer without even bothering to sit, then went into his office to work on a case until he had an excuse to go up stairs and climb into his solitary bed.



He thought about the nun and wondered why he would even consider helping her. He hadn’t had a personal relationship with God even before Corrine had lost her battle with breast cancer. All it had taken for him to become a disbeliever was the sight of her wilting body, the loss of her strawberry blonde hair. She had always been petite, and waiflike, but the chemo had eaten her up as much as the cancer had.



Tim closed his eyes. He knew the reason he was helping. It’s because Corrine would have wanted it.



~***~



Dhakiya drove up in a little car. It was kind of beat up but a beat up car was better than no car at all. They hugged forever. The changes in her friend were astounding. Like Jane, she was tall but unlike Jane she had filled out in all the right places. Jane was too thin and gangly; like a giraffe. But Dhakiya’s mocha skin shone and her hair lay in gorgeous twists that reached her shoulders. She was dressed comfortably in a pair of jeans and a colorful sweater. She wore many bangles on her wrists; which Jane knew was just as much cultural as it was decorative.



“Martier…” Her friend placed her hands on her cheeks. “You haven’t changed one bit.” She placed a kiss on her lips then hugged her again. Jane had a dark mahogany brown complexion and ebony black hair that curled into silky locks. Unlike most that she saw with similar dark coloring, Jane had sharp features that made her seem more European than the African Americans here in the states. Jane wore her long hair twisted and pinned to the back of her neck. At nearly six feet tall she was always the center of attention, though she didn’t realize that it had less to do with her height and more to do with her striking beauty.



Even wearing shapeless dresses and skirts and even though she lowered her eyes to look at the ground hoping that she would go unnoticed, her beauty could not be denied. But, of course there was no one to tell her this. Her life was the school and the sisters. Even when she had attended college, it was to an all-girl’s academy. Venturing into town in order to enjoy a bit of freedom was the only time that she became aware of the stares. And if she stared at the ground and never met anyone’s eyes, she learned that she became invisible.



The two young women climbed into the small car and drove back to Dhakiya’s apartment. Jane instantly fell in love with it, even though it was just a one bedroom with barely any room for all of Dhakiya’s artwork. Everything was of beautiful black people, sometimes painted with blacks and purples, sometimes with golds and pinks, some were of babies and some were lovers. They were very beautiful.



“Tell me about yourself, sis. Are you an artist?” Jane looked around the apartment as if she were in a fine museum.



“No,” her friend chuckled as she led them to a very small, very clean kitchen. “This artwork reminds me of my other life, the one before this one.”



“What did you do when you left the school?” Jane asked as she accepted a glass of lemonade. She had already learned that Dhakiya worked in customer service at a local cable TV company.



Dhakiya took a seat and gave the younger girl a careful look. “I went into therapy.”



Jane frowned. “Therapy…”



“I was very messed up. I still am. And no…don’t ask me if I prayed on it!” They both chuckled. It was the thing the sister’s always said when things got tough.



“Christ is the only therapy you need,” Jane mocked.



“Well Christ will be there to pick up the pieces when I lose my mind. But the thing is to try not to lose it in the first place!”



“I hear you!”



Dhakiya’s eyes grew sharp. “So what in the hell are you still doing at that school?”



“Well…I’ve been going to school and I just got my degree.”



“Congratulations. I always knew you were college material. But you have to get out of there, Martier. Their piousness is their poison.”



Jane shook her head, becoming uncomfortable. “You sound like one of those people they always talk about-”



Dhakiya’s dark lips twisted. “You mean one of those that are trying to lead you down the wrong path?” She rose and headed for the living room with Jane following close on her heels ready to apologize. “Do you still read the same book of the bible?” Her friend asked off-handedly.



Jane blushed and tried to deny it. Dhakiya reached a bookshelf and after a moment selected a book which she thrust into her friend’s hand. Jane saw that it was a collection of poems by Maya Angelou. She gave her a puzzled look.



“Do you know of this woman?”



“I know the name but haven’t ever read her works.”



“I want you to take this book. Read it. Read these poems and then you tell me if they are evil, if I am sending you down the wrong path.”



Jane nodded solemnly and they continued catching up while Jane explained her dilemma. Dhakiya revealed that she lived with her boyfriend. He was an African American man that was also an auto mechanic. She was in love and offered to prepare Jane a traditional dinner one day soon so that she could introduce them.



“I’d let you live here, but-“



Jane was already shaking her head. She couldn’t live with a man she didn’t know. How different her friend had become. They weren’t raised to live with a man in sin. She felt guilty judging her. But she also was not willing to cast away all that she had learned from the sisters just because Dhakiya could.



“When you have enough to pay for half of the deposit and first month’s rent then I’ll help you with the other half.”



“Are you sure?!”



“Very much so.”



As Dhakiya drove Jane back to school, she slipped a CD into the player. Jane began to nod her head to the beat of drums behind soft music. But then a voice began to sing and Jane’s eyes grew large. She looked quickly at Dhakiya. The female singer was chanting in Kinyarwanda and the voices of children could be heard. The music caused her heart to ache and her mouth flew open. She remembered…running in the sun with other little boys and girls…their voices were like bells-



“Martier.”



Jane looked at her friend. They had parked in front of the school and Jane hadn’t even realized it. Her eyes sparkled.



Dhakiya spoke in soft Kinyarwanda. “Do you remember?”



“I won’t forget.” Jane responded in their mother tongue. Dhakiya searched her eyes. She ejected the CD.



“Take this with you-”



“No,” Jane was shaking her head adamantly. “I can’t. The sister’s-” She had moved back to English.



“Yego! Please…It’s for you to remember.” Jane swiftly took the offered CD and leaned forward to kiss her sister/friend. It was nearly eight o’clock and there was a curfew that was strictly enforced, even for an adult like Jane.



“When will I see you again?” She asked as she scrambled out of the car.



“Monday? Then you can tell me about your job.”



“Muramuke!” She called over her shoulder as she hurried up the walkway.



“Turongera.”



It was 7:50 when Jane entered the school. “Where were you?” Sister Short Mary asked. There were three nuns named Mary so everyone referred to them as Short Mary, Tall Mary and Black Mary; unless it was to their face, of course. Then they reverted back to just being Sister Mary.



“I-went to the library.” It wasn’t quite a lie…



“Well, you missed dinner so I hope you already ate. And Sister Louis was looking for you.” She didn’t seem very pleased. Sister Short Mary was a nun that had chosen to stay ‘out of the world’ her life revolved around the school, the children and church only.



“Yes, Sister. I’ll go see her now.”



“You missed devotion.”



Jane nodded as she headed up the stairs. “Yes…I’ll pray extra hard tonight.” She went to her room. Sister Callista had not retired for the night so thankfully she had the room to herself. She didn’t want to have to explain the book and the CD to the older woman. She slipped the items into her underwear drawer and then hurried to Sister Louise’s office. She wasn’t there so she went to her room.



None of the nuns had very large rooms, and they were each simply decorated. Even Sister Louise, who was as close to a Mother Superior that the school had, had only a simple room with a narrow bed, a desk and chair and 3 pictures on her walls. Jane never looked directly at any of them. They made her shiver. The first was of St Mary Bartholomea of Florence, of which the school was named. The other was of the Madonna with the Christ child on her lap and the last was of the Pieta; of Mary holding the dead Christ in her arms. Jane just couldn’t reconcile the two conflicting emotions that the painting brought.





She cleared her throat. “Sister? You were looking for me?”





The sister had retired to her gown and robe. She closed a ledger and stood. “Yes, you left so quickly I didn’t have a chance to tell you anything about where you will be employed.” The sister chuckled and Jane relaxed, remembering that sound of merriment from when she was a child and everything had been so scary until Sister Louise had brought her to the office and spoke to her so kindly. She’d laughed and the sound made Jane know that everything would be alright again. Now they were both older and the sister’s hair was steel gray instead of jet black. She had become even smaller in stature but she still carried herself as if she was as tall as Jane.





Sister told her that the law office was located in the heart of the city, which would make taking the bus very easy. St Bartholoma was located in a small suburb and the buses did not run very frequently to her area of town but she knew she could use the computer at the library to search the bus route. It was Friday and if she got up early enough Saturday morning, she would bypass the children who tended to hog up the computer for most of the evening.



Her hours would probably be 8-4:30 with a half hour lunch and her pay would simply be minimum wage. Neither of them knew what that would be, but Jane figured she could look it up when she got to the library. She was becoming excited at the prospect of working in the city—even as she was nervous at the idea of working in an important law firm.





After her meeting with Sister Louise, Jane returned to her room and opened her bible. She had neglected her reading and was expected to make up for it. But instead of reading the prescribed scripture, Jane turned to her favorite portion of the bible. As she read she became lost in the words. Her cheeks warmed and her eyes glistened in longing. She could read these words from her memory but enjoyed allowing her fingers to follow them on the page.



The song of songs, which is Solomon’s.

Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth:

For thy love is better than wine.

Because of the savor of thy good ointments

Thy name is as ointment poured forth,

Therefore do the virgins love thee.

Draw me, we will run after thee:

The King hath brought me into his chambers:

We will be glad and rejoice in thee,

We will remember thy love more than wine:

The upright love thee.

I am black, but comely, O ye daughters of Jerusalem,

As the tents of Kedar,

As the curtains of Solomon.

Look not upon me, because I am black,

Because the sun hath looked upon me:

My mother’s children were angry with me;

they made me the keeper of the vineyards;

but mine own vineyards have I not kept.

Tell me, O thou whom my soul loveth, where thou feedest,

Were thou makest thy flocks to rest at noon:

for why should I be as one that turneth aside

by the flocks of they companions?

If thou know not, O thou fairest among women,

Go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock,

And feed thy kids beside the shepherd’s tents.





CHAPTER 3



When Monday finally arrived, Jane dressed in a nice navy skirt and white blouse. She only wore flat shoes due to her height, but she slipped on her nicer ones that were a bit fancier than what she usually wore. She had washed extra carefully because she had learned that here people did not like to smell the scent of your body. No one wanted to know that the space between your breast smelled of your soul, and the crease beneath your arms only told of your daily toils. Americans would much rather smell of the sweet perfumes that caused her to sneeze. But she didn’t have any of that, nor any of the scented oils that were used by her people and that smelled of spices and flower petals. All she had was soap and water and deodorant and that would just have to suffice.



She walked to the nearest bus stop, which would take her downtown, but then she would have to wait for the next bus or walk ten blocks. She walked. She was already tired when she reached the large building. She wished Dhakiya was with her right now as she looked around feeling lost and alone. There was a directory and an information desk but she decided to just look at the directory. It was already 7:45 and she had wanted to arrive early enough to feel unrushed. Now that wouldn’t happen. There. 7th floor; Rangbo, Singleton, Bradbury and Marx, Attorneys at Law.



She entered the elevator and at the 7th floor she saw another receptionist desk. The woman behind it was stylish with perfectly coiffed hair and a suit that looked like it belonged in a fashion magazine. Jane quickly straightened her navy skirt and resisted the urge to finger comb her hair.



“Hello.”



The woman gave her a bright smile. “Good morning, how can I help you?”



“I was hired and was supposed to begin working today.” She almost put a question at the end of it. The woman nodded her head and opened a fancy notebook on her desk.



“Name please?”



“Jane Nufaika.”



The woman kept scanning the list, and then she turned to a computer and began typing quickly. Her phone rang and she answered very professionally, “Rangbo, Singleton, Bradbury and Marx. How may I direct your call? Mr. Marx? Yes, I’ll connect you.” After she pressed a button on the phone, she returned to the computer. “Jane…spell the last name, please?”



Jane gave the spelling. “Are you sure it was today, Ma’ame? I don’t see you listed here. Hmm…let me phone the temporary service and we’ll get this straightened out-”



“Oh, I wasn’t hired by a temporary service. I was hired by Mr. Tim Singleton.” The receptionist frowned, marring the perfection of her face for the first time.



“You were hired by Mr. Singleton? Well that’s not possible. All hiring is done through human resources and Mr. Singleton would know that more than anyone.” The phone rang again and the receptionist answered without seeming ruffled. Jane just hoped that she wouldn’t have to be a receptionist. After a moment the woman focused her attention back on Jane. “I’ll call Mr. Singleton. Just one moment.” She pressed a single button on the phone. “Good morning Mr. Singleton. This is Tammy at the front desk. I have a Miss Nufaika that says she was hired by you—Nufaika. Jane Nufaika. Yes sir. Will, do.” The receptionist smiled again. “Mr. Singleton will be right down.”



Well the excitement of starting a new job was certainly not present. She just felt scared. To calm herself she began to plan what she would do during her lunch break. She wanted to go outside and look at the big buildings and maybe window shop. The sister’s gave her an allowance for the work she did for them each week. But it wasn’t considered pay, just enough for her to purchase her personal items and to eat when she was at the academy.



A large man entered the room. He carried himself well for such a large man, moving as if he owned the space he occupied…unlike Jane that tended to enter it apologetically and quickly retreat. Jane’s brow went up at his height. He had to have been at least 6’5” and he was built like a bear; a shaggy haired white bear, an unhappy shaggy haired white bear. Jane saw that his face was pulled down which increased the lines present. He appeared to be in his fifties but if he allowed his expression to move from one of annoyance…and maybe if he got rid of the white hair then he would fit very nicely in the age range of late forties.



He was very intimidating and she hoped that he wasn’t annoyed at her. No one had told her where to report and…



His eyes locked onto hers. “Jane? You’re Jane?” He closed the space between them.



“Yes sir.” She didn’t step back even though she wanted to.



“Can you type?”





“Yes sir.” She typed very well.



“Follow me.” He hadn’t even introduced himself. She glanced at the receptionist who gave her an apologetic smile as she followed the grumbling man. They got into an elevator and Mr. Singleton’s brow was gathered and his pale skin was ruddy from his annoyance at something that was thankfully not her.



“I can’t turn in this paper. It’s useless to me. I can’t find half my files and I haven’t had a decent cup of coffee in…” He turned to her. “I need you to type up a report for me. I need it to be without errors, do you think you can do that?” She raised her brow. There was a thing called spell check…



“Yes, Sir.” He seemed to calm a bit as he looked at her. Then he nodded and led her down a hallway. Small cubicles were set up neatly before larger enclosed offices with frosted glass doors and windows. When they got to the end of the hall she saw a harried woman who had several files on a messy desk. This area seemed separate from the rest of the space, though not by door or walls. A neat reception area marked its point of separation then there was the cubicle for the assistant or secretary and lastly a door leading to an office; a much more important office than the others she’d passed.



“Did you find them?” He asked in an annoyed voice.



“I’m still searching for the third one, Sir.”



He gestured towards Jane. “In my office.” She followed him and he shut the door soundly, very nearly slamming it. Mr. Singleton’s office was large and very nicely decorated in dark wooden furniture. There was warmth here that seemed at odds to the man with the pinched expression.



“I want you to use my desk and my computer to type the report. I’m going to be out there, helping my assistant find the proper files. Afterwards you’re going to help her. Obviously one person can’t successfully do this job, but maybe two can!”



He handed her five sheets of paper. They were heavily marked in red ink with messy scribbles in the margins and arrows pointing to where he wanted his ‘notes’ directed. It was…a mess.



“I need this done by 11:30. Can you do this?”



She sat down in the vacated chair. “Yes…but is this saved on the computer?”



He reached past her and clicked on a word document file. “This is the original.”



Oh, well this would be easy. She could have it corrected in minutes. “Yes, Mr. Singleton. You’ll have it before 11:30.”



Mr. Singleton left again, nearly slamming the door and leaving Jane in the now quiet office. She relaxed, the tension leaving her body while she pulled up a fresh word document page. This office was even nicer then Sister Louise’s. Music played softly, but not office music but radio music. Best of all, you could look outside at the city below. She didn’t have time for that now. She saved the document and placed the word ‘final’ at the end of it then she began working on the corrections that Mr. Singleton had noted. Some of the mistakes made by the assistant were embarrassing. She very nearly had to retype about half of it.



But before long she reached the end of the document and ran the spell check. Perfect. She read it over once more, just to be sure. Still perfect. Then she checked the small clock at the bottom of the screen. It was almost nine. She really needed to pee. There was a small door here in the office and she figured it was his private bathroom. She hoped he wouldn’t get mad but she just couldn’t bring herself to step out of the office and ask a stranger; a man where the bathroom was located.



She opened the door into the small, neat restroom and quickly used it. He would probably hear the toilet flush…Her face burned and she hurried back to the office and pressed print. While the corrected report quietly spit from the printer, Jane looked around. There was a cold mug of watery looking coffee on the desk, but it was otherwise neat. She peered at the picture of a pretty lady; his wife? Next to it was another photograph, this time with Mr. Singleton and the same woman. They were wearing ski outfits and were hugging and smiling before a snow capped mountain.



She could barely believe it was the same man. He was…very good looking. It was obvious that he was still older when this picture had been taken, maybe mid to late forties, but when he wasn’t scowling he looked vibrant. She saw dark hair streaked with white beneath his woolen cap and blue eyes. The laugh lines surrounding his eyes made him look rugged. He looked like a man that would trek through the wilderness, sleep in a tent, fight off wolves but then would hold his pretty wife delicately in his big hands. It was in the way that his head tilted in her direction; he was leaning into her as he smiled for the camera.



Jane smiled. She decided she would like Mr. Singleton. Even if he seemed brusque, she knew that he was more than that. She opened the door and walked out into the main room. There were eight file cabinets that looked like pieces of furniture. They were probably four feet high and 2 feet wide and they lined two walls. Each had three drawers. Half of which stood opened. As her eyes scanned one of the cabinets she knew that it contained a lot of files.



She cleared her throat and the both of them looked over at her. There were several more files on the desk. They would need to be replaced but…that seemed like an impossible task.



“I finished the report. Is there anything else that I can do?” He didn’t seem to understand the words that came from her mouth as he just stared at her.



“Where is it?” He finally asked.





“On your desk, Sir.”



He gave her an odd look as he walked past her and into his office. She followed while the other woman seemed relieved to be rid of him. He picked up the papers and scanned them quickly. He moved to the next page, his movements a bit slower. By the third page he glanced at Jane. And when he got to the fifth and final page he gently placed the papers back onto his desk.



He seemed to see her for the first time. “Very good.” He rubbed his chin in deep thought. Tim was thinking that this girl seemed much more efficient than the one that had been working with him for the last three weeks. Her work was passable at best, and it wasn’t that she had lost the files that he so desperately needed. But she couldn’t find them when he wanted them and he had no idea how the filing system worked. He had just always asked for what he needed and Corrine had been there…



His eyes flitted away. “Why don’t you go out and help her. She’ll tell you what I’m searching for.” Figuring that she was dismissed she turned to leave.



“Thank you…um…”



“Jane.”



“Jane.” He said with a final nod. “I won’t forget again.” She closed the door behind her and the woman collapsed into her chair.



“Sheesh…” She fanned herself. She was pretty. A little older than Jane, smallish with short dark hair and wearing a pretty beige suit with pretty heeled shoes. Jane smoothed down her blouse. They dressed really nice here.



The girl looked at Jane; appraising her in just the same way that Jane had done to her. She came to her feet and offered her hand. “Hi, I’m Jen. What’s your name?”



“Jane.”



Jen managed a smile. “Jen and Jane.” She lowered her voice until it was an almost whisper. “He never remembers my name. I’m sure he’ll be calling you Jen and me Jane. I heard him say that you’re going to help me.”



“Yes.” The both of them looked at the mess on the desk. “Well, let’s get back to work. Mr. Singleton has to be at court at one. He likes to get there forty-five minutes to an hour before, which means we don’t have much time to find that damned file.” Jen explained what they were searching for. Jane searched in a cabinet that hadn’t been opened. She scanned the large accordion folders and thumbed through the subfolders. Well there definitely was no consistency to how they were filed; some were in alphabetical order, some weren’t.



“Um…how do you find anything?” She finally asked.



“By luck. Evidently there have been a lot of girls that have worked for him.” She tilted her head to the door as she whispered. “He’s an asshole. I’m the third girl who hasn’t quit or been fired. So…God only knows how the people before me handled the files. For all I know they just threw them in the first open cabinet….like I want to do.”



Jane frowned. Well that would be stupid and more work in the long run. A while later her stomach began to growl. By that time Jen had told her about her deadbeat boyfriend, his horrible kid from a previous marriage, and their pet that wore clothes and had to be given medication daily for diabetes.



“Jen, when do we take a break or eat lunch?” She managed to interrupt.



“Oh, it doesn’t work like that here.” She leaned in for about the millionth time to whisper conspiratorially into her ear. “You can’t take breaks during a crisis and you eat lunch when Mr. Singleton tells you to. Most times he will tell you to go out and get him something, which is cool because then he buys your lunch too…well it’s cool if you like to eat where he likes to eat. He likes crazy food like Indian and…” Jen blushed realizing that with Jane’s slight accent and coloring that she might be of some Middle Eastern descent.



Jane sniffed slightly and glanced at the coffee pot. “Actually…a cup of coffee would be nice.”



“Oh my god! I’m so sorry! Please help yourself to coffee. It’s probably old. I bring my own mug from home and Mr. Singleton has one that he uses. There is an extra one in the cabinet there. You’ll probably need to make fresh coffee. That’s been sitting for ages.”



Jane went to the small wet bar where there was a coffee pot next to a sink and a mini fridge below. An overhead shelf held a microwave. Jane checked the cabinets and found the coffee and liners and threw out the old coffee. It was so weak it looked almost like tea. No wonder Mr. Singleton had made that comment in the elevator about not having had a decent cup of coffee. She liked it strong but since she wasn’t the only one in the office she backed off on the strength a bit.



She retrieved a dark blue mug. It was huge and she filled it nearly to the top. She added sugar no cream and Jen gasped.



“That is…some coffee you made there, Jane. It…looks pretty strong.”



“I’m sorry. I don’t like weak coffee. I’ll find a happy medium it it’s too strong for you.”



Jen shrugged and ran tap water into her mug then popped it into the small microwave. “No worries. I can just add water.”



The two women glanced at the mess on the desk and then at the last two file cabinets. How could there be a filing system that anyone could decipher? And Jane just did not believe that anyone would have the time to thoughtlessly un-file this many documents. Someone would have had to do it maliciously and who had the time for that?



Jen sighed and headed for the last few cabinets. “I guess we better tackle these two.”



Jane shook her head. “Those files are really old. You’re looking for 2007 and those are seventies and…” Jane and Jen’s eyes locked. They smiled in understanding. It had taken them 2 1/2 hours to figure out that the files were set up in chronological order. But who could have figured that out? The larger accordion folders represented a timeframe—which none was noted outside of the file, then the subfolders were placed in alphabetical order based on that time period. Some years had several accordion folders and some had multiple years within one—it all depended on how large the documents.



“Insanity.” Jen said as they finally located the correct accordion file…and viola, the missing documents! Jen snatched them and hurried into Mr. Singleton’s office. Jane heard her saying, ‘I found them, Mr. Singleton.’



She found them? Jane felt a bit disappointed that Jen hadn’t included her considering it was her comment that had allowed them to crack the code. But all that really mattered is they had avoided disaster…and maybe now she could go and take a break.



Jen returned a few moments later, beaming. “Jane, can you go out and get lunch? Mr. Singleton was very happy and he’s treating us all!”



Jane’s eyes grew big and her stomach growled again. “I don’t know where anything is located. I’ve never been downtown before.”



Jen’s brow gathered. “Are you serious? This is the first time you’ve ever been downtown?!” Someone from the outer office glanced in their direction and Jane nodded quickly, embarrassed.



“I’m afraid that I don’t know the city very well.”



“Well I’ll go. You just need to stay here and man the phones. Take good messages and say, ‘Mr. Singleton’s office. How may I help you?’ Got it?” She nodded. “He wants me to order from Shanghai Mama’s. What do you want?”



“Um…” Shanghai Mama’s??? “What are you going to have?”



“I usually have the house salad with ginger dressing.”



Jane was much too hungry for just a salad. “I’ll have whatever Mr. Singleton is having.” Jen nodded and grabbed her coat and purse from a cubby.



“Why don’t you re-file these and when he leaves I’ll show you around.” She didn’t wait for an answer and soon had her cell phone out and was placing the order as she hurried down the corridor.



Jane stared at the folders piled on the desk and floor and sighed. She had nearly cleaned everything up when Mr. Singleton opened his door. His blue eyes scanned the area in surprise. He had lost the scowl but seemed far from happy. It was as if his face didn’t know how to be happy anymore. But at least he wasn’t angry.



His eyes suddenly locked onto the blue mug and he seemed to blanch. His already pale face paled even more and he looked away.



“Is that coffee I smell?”



“Yes sir. I’ll pour you some-”



“No, I’ll get it.” He went back into to his office and returned with his own mug. “I’m sorry that your first day has been so hectic. It wasn’t my intent to throw you right into the fire. But this is how it can get around here. If you prefer…I can place you into the typing pool or even the mailroom-”



“Oh…no, sir. I’m fine here.”



He nodded and Jane watched as he took a sip of his coffee, noting that he took it black. “Mmm.” He looked into the mug and she saw his lip twitch upward into an almost smile. “You made this, I gather?”



“Yes.”



“I want you to make the coffee every morning.”



“Yes, sir.”



“You got this cleaned up very well. And you re-filed everything properly?”



“Yes sir.”



“Did you have…any difficulties putting everything back in order?”



“Not at all, Mr. Singleton. Once I knew that everything was filed in date order, it was very simple.” He seemed pleased by her response.



“This is probably a little late, but I’m Tim Singleton. If you work for me I expect you to call me Tim and not Sir, or Mr. Singleton. And I’ll call you Jane. There are a lot of responsibilities by working as an assistant. Many people work very hard for an opportunity to get out of clerical or secretarial to become an assistant. You’ve fallen into the job. However,” his eyes studied her closely, “if you can’t cut it, you will be demoted.”



“Yes, S-Tim.”



He continued. “The hours are a little crazy. The other girl will tell you how to track your time so that you get paid. Some days you might leave early, some days you might leave late. If I allow you to leave early, you will still get paid your full eight hours. You live in the…convent, right?”



“Yes.”



“Well is that going to be a problem?”



Jane couldn’t foresee a day that he would ever expect her to work 12 hours. She didn’t think it would be a problem. “I just have to be back by eight.”



He nodded. “This position does come with a higher salary. “You’ll start out at $12 dollars an hour. After ninety days the job will be offered to you permanently, with a raise…if you want it. Do you find this acceptable?” She nodded happily. Tim spent another few moments talking. He explained that after he left for court, she was to go to the personnel office to fill out her employment paperwork. He finished his coffee and placed his empty mug in the sink then he retreated down the corridor and disappeared.



Jane smiled to herself. He kept referring to Jen as that other girl, but he had remembered her name.



Tim headed for Marx’s office thinking about the girl. He had been surprised by her height; it was rather odd to see a woman that tall. She typed fast and accurately, not to mention she knew how to make a decent cup of coffee. He rather liked the new girl, much better than the other, who had referred to his wife’s filing system as ‘crazy’. His wife had been his assistant for twenty years! It was due to her ‘crazy’ filing system that he was able to work himself up to partner. Who was she to criticize when he kept catching her on her cell phone when she should be working? It was no wonder she had rushed through that report. Well, after she got the new girl trained, Tim intended to let her go. Or maybe he wouldn’t even wait that long. He didn’t want her teaching…Jane, yes Jane any bad habits.





CHAPTER 4





“You sure you don’t want anything to eat?” Jane and Dhakiya were walking the short distance to a nearby pub. Her friend had offered to meet her downtown for drinks. Jane didn’t want to ‘drink’, but she wouldn’t mind having a soda or something.



“I am stuffed. I cannot even tell you the wonderful food that I had to eat. I don’t know the names of the dishes but they were so good! Tim bought us lunch at a place called Shanghai Mama’s and I had no idea what to order, so I had what he had; a huge bowl of noodles with chicken and vegetables in some type of sauce. Then there was an egg roll and lastly sesame chicken wings!”



“You ate all of that?” Dhakiya asked in amazement.



Jane covered her smiling face. “It’s bad. I’m a glutton. But I ate every bite.”



Her friend smiled. “Tim? You call your boss by his first name?”



“Yes. But he requires it. He says, ‘You are to call me Tim and I will call you Jane.’ She mocked playfully. The two friends chuckled.



“What’s he like?”



Jane thought about that for a moment. “Well, he’s tall, like the men back home, but big too, and very formidable. He seems very…white; lots of thick white hair that is badly in need of a trimming, and white skin. He frowns a lot…but I don’t think it’s because he’s a bad person, or mean.”



Dhakiya gave her a curious look. “Why do you say that?”



Jane shrugged. “Just a hunch.” She thought about the picture on his desk and the smile he had for the pretty lady. Maybe tomorrow when things weren’t quite so hectic, she would see his more pleasant face.



They sat for only about an hour and Jane spent most of it talking about her job and Jen and how the young woman had told all of her business. Then Dhakiya drove her back to the school and asked her about the books and music. Jane answered honestly that it was difficult to find the privacy to enjoy them. She offered to return them.



“Consider them a small gift. But one thing,” Jane raised her brow in question. “Read the poetry out loud. I know you won’t be able to find a place to do so in the school but try, okay?”



Jane smiled and nodded. “Thank you, Sister.”



They made plans to get together on Friday and Dhakiya made her promise not to fill up on her rich boss’ food. “I’m going to cook for you and you will be able to meet my love, Rodney. You will love him as well. He’s absolutely wonderful and has two very handsome brothers…” Dhakiya’s brow went up suggestively.



Jane’s eyes got wide. “No! Don’t invite the brothers—”



Dhakiya chuckled. “No, just you me and Rodney…for now.”



Jane relaxed. “Thank you.” She leaned in and kissed her. “Bye Sis.”



“Turongera.”



Jane checked the time and noted that everyone would be gathering in the small church for devotion. She hurried to meet them and added Jen and Tim to her prayers.



~***~



Tim walked past Jakob Marx’s pretty secretary.



“Hello Mr. Singleton.”



“Is the old bird in?”



The girl smiled. “Yes. Go right in.”



Tim did just that, knocking once before letting himself in without waiting for a response. Marx looked up from his computer and Tim took the chair opposite him leaning back and regarding the ceiling.



“Singleton. And what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?”



Tim raised a brow, his eyes still lazily on the ceiling. “Dinner, Saturday, you and your wife. We’ll begin with a round of golf at your country club. After dinner we’ll have some drinks, casual conversation, then I’ll go home and you and Elaina will leave me alone for another month.”



Jakob regarded his friend. “Elaina’s going to want to introduce you to a ‘friend.’”



Tim’s eyes moved to the man that had been his best friend for the last 25 years. “Absolutely out of the question.”



“Elaina calls you a ‘wonderful man’ and she has a ‘wonderful friend’ and thinks that you two will have a ‘wonderful time’ getting to know each other. I’ve tried very hard to convince her that you are neither wonderful…nor even very interesting.” Jakob hid a grin as he spoke. “But for some odd reason she’s convinced that you actually are worthy of her attention.”



Jakob stood, he wasn’t nearly as tall as Tim and where Tim was brawny, Jakob was more athletically built. Once upon a time Tim had cared about such things and he felt a moment of shame that he’d allowed his once toned body to soften.



Jakob seemed in deep concentration as he paced. “Now the female in question does actually fit into the arena of ‘wonderful.’” At this he peeked at Tim who at least continued to watch him. “However, I wouldn’t think that sitting down at dinner with her constitutes any pressure for…dating.”



Tim almost gagged as he straightened in his seat.



“Not the D-word. I don’t want to fucking hear the D-word.”



Jakob held up his hands innocently. “I said there is no pressure in that direction. Dinner, a few drinks after, along with some casual conversation.”



The muscles in Tim’s jaw clenched. It was more reflexive than anything else and once he realized he was doing it he relaxed. “Remove golfing at the country club, and just dinner with…Miss Wonderful present and we have a deal.”



Jakob stood before him, staring down in disapproval. “Have you thought about hitting the gym?”



“What are you saying? That I’m fat?” Now he was becoming offended.



“No. But you will be in about another six months at the rate you’re going.”



Tim scowled and muttered something about plans to hit the treadmill, and then he stood and left.



“Seven sharp, Saturday.”



Tim raised his hand dismissively before disappearing into the elevator.





CHAPTER 5



The next day Jane carried her book to work. She planned to go outside and sit in the pavilion and read aloud to herself. Something moved through her that caused her to frown briefly. Why should she have to sneak away just to read a book of poems? Why should she be afraid that one of the sister’s would see her? She couldn’t wait until she had the money to leave that place that was beginning to feel more and more like a prison!



She arrived at work at 7:30. Jen and Tim hadn’t yet arrived and other than the receptionist, no one else was present on the floor. She liked the quiet and quickly started the coffee brewing. The smell was intoxicating and it alone perked her up. The smell of coffee is one of the few things that she did remember from her life before the school and the nuns. Why, she didn’t know. Only that the smell of it had always soothed her.



She wasn’t sure what she should do to occupy her time until she was given her daily duties so she began with the file cabinets, checking to make sure that everything was filed properly--and of course it wasn’t. It was like Jen has said, the temps before her hadn’t cared or didn’t understand and had just put everything back haphazardly.



Tim was met with the smell of strong coffee and the sight of Jane busily straightening a file cabinet. She was so engrossed in her activity that she didn’t even see him and he took a moment to watch her. Her height still amazed him. She was pretty, but somewhat dowdy. He didn’t think it in a mean way. He realized that she had been raised in a convent and wouldn’t have expected anything much different. She wore her hair pulled back into a bun that he hadn’t seen on anyone since the 70’s, and her skirt and blouse were outdated and ill-fitting. She was much too thin, but he didn’t think that it was by choice. He suspected that she just wasn’t fed enough at that school for nuns. He’d seen her lunch yesterday. Jane was no salad eater.



“Good morning.” She jumped and he thought she had nearly given herself a heart attack. “Sorry.”



“I didn’t see you!” She chuckled. “Good morning Tim. I’ll bring your coffee. You take it black?”



“Yes. Thank you, Jane.” He went into his office impressed that she wasn’t just sitting there idly. He took off his coat and hung it, then sat in his chair. He did the same thing almost every morning; he turned on the radio then powered on his computer. His eyes fell onto the photographs on his desk and he sighed. Then he checked for messages.



Jane brought his coffee and sat it on his desk then stood there for a moment. “What would you like for me to do for you today, Sir-um Tim?”



He’d given the other girl a list of daily duties but he supposed that it was too much to expect her to share them with this new girl.



“I don’t see any messages from the day before…”



“Oh!” Jane quickly hurried back to the cubicle and located the messages. They were written on pink little message tabs.



He took them with a sigh then pointed to his daily planner. “It’s imperative that my appointments be placed in this planner. If you see a conflict, you are to notify me immediately. Never leave a message for me on a pink sticky note. These are for your use. In the event that I’m not available to accept a message directly, you are to leave it on my voice mail, which I check several times throughout the day.



Jane was nodding vigorously and wringing her hands.



Tim paused. “Jane relax. You’re doing very well. I’m more than pleased with your work.” He didn’t realize that he was lecturing her until she began to look scared. Well, this was all probably very strange for her. Corrine would have cautioned him to be patient. He would do what Corrine would have wanted.



“We’ll start the morning getting you access to some systems. I have to be at court again today at one so it will be another busy morning.” Time continued talking and she tried to keep everything he said straight.



When she returned to the cubicle Jen was already sitting in front of the computer with a cup of coffee and looking busy. Again, Jane noted the pretty clothes the other woman wore. Today it was a grey dress with a matching jacket. There was a slit in back and the dress hugged her perfect form. She wore grey pumps, not black and they matched perfectly.



“Good morning Jane.” Jen said enthusiastically.”



“Good morning.” Yesterday they had found another office chair for her and she sat down at the other end of the large desk. There were actually two desks that butted up against each other and formed two work stations. Jane noticed that Jen was looking at her personal email account. She leaned in to whisper to her.



“I heard him talking to you. What was he saying?”



“He wants you to help me get access to something called Axis…”



“Lexis Nexis?”



“Yes! That’s it.”



“And Westlaw. Okay, I just did it for myself so I remember how to do that it . Let’s get started, shall we?”



The morning moved quickly. Tim called Jen into his office to help with scheduling and when the phone rang, Jane answered remembering to sound professional the way everyone else did.



“Mr. Singleton’s office. How may I help you?”



“Is Singleton in?”



“May I ask who is calling?” The man gave his name. “One moment please.” She placed him on hold and pressed the button for Tim’s office.



“Tim. Mr. Rangbo is on the line.”



Jane heard a pause. “There’s no one on any lines.” Jane looked down at the phone. No flashing lights. Oh no! She’d hung up on that man!



The phone rang again and Jane felt a prickly panic. “I’m sorry…I think I hung up. This is him again I think. Just a minute.” She hung up on Tim and answered the phone again.



“Hello…Mr. Rangbo?” She asked timidly.



“Yes. It is me again.”



He sounded far from patient. “I’m so sorry, Sir. I’ll connect you.” Tim was standing at her desk when she looked up. He reached over and pressed a button; the correct button then retreated.

Jane covered her face. Jen gave her arm a gentle pat and she almost jumped. “Don’t worry Jane. EVERYBODY does that; but only once.” She chuckled with good humor.





~***~





“Jane, let’s go down to the canteen.” Tim had again treated them for lunch. T his time he had sent Jen to a deli and Jane had again ordered whatever Tim was eating. This time it was a turkey and bacon double decker and with potato salad. She had just taken a huge bite of the oversized sandwich when Jen made her request. She looked at the phone.



“Don’t worry about that. Tim said to hold all of his calls so we’ll just have everything go to voicemail.” Jane wrapped up her sandwich and followed Jen not sure if they shouldn’t at least tell Tim that they’d be in the canteen.



“I needed a break from him.” Jen finally confessed once they were in the elevator. “ I’m going to be spending days putting together his legal notebook for his next c ase, and frankly the man ’s scribbling is impossible to read! Plus, if he gives me one more tape recording to transcribe I’m going to go nuts! ” Jane noticed that Tim talked into a tape record er. It seemed better than writing everything down in shorthand, s o she didn’t know why Jen found so much to complain about.



The elevators opened up on a floor that wasn’t much different than their own. But at the end of the hall was an open area with vending machines, microwaves and several tables and chairs. It was crowded but she followed Jen to a table where three other women were talking and eating.



“Hey there, where have you been hiding?” This was said by an older, white haired woman.



“Mr. Singleton has court this entire week.” They all went ‘ahhh’ at the same time, as if that statement held special significance. Jen gestured to Jane and introduced her. Everyone at the table told their names and she discovered that each worked as an assistant to one of the partners.



Everyone focused on her and she found it hard to eat her sandwich under their scrutiny. “You didn’t come out of AdWork Temp Service?”



“No.” She said.



“How did you get in as an assistant?” A black woman asked. Everyone waited for her response and Jane hesitated, unsure how to proceed. She remembered what Tim had said, about being dropped into the position and about how others worked hard to get a chance at being an assistant.



“Sister Louise helped me.”



“Sister?” The white haired woman asked.



“Well…I…” Jane knew from past experience that people looked at girls that live in convents very strangely. “Sister Louise is a nun.” She looked at her potato salad with nothing else to say.



After a moment Jen filled in the prolonged quiet with a story about her deadbeat boyfriend and his juvenile delinquent son. Jane felt out of place and sat quietly listening as she nibbled her potato salad.



“Where are you from, Jane?” The black lady asked. “You have a beautiful accent.”



“Africa.”



“Wow, girl, you’re really from Africa?”



Jen blushed. “I thought you were from the Middle East.”



The black woman gave Jen a sharp, disapproving look before turning her attention back to Jane. “Where in Africa?”



“Outside of Kigali.”



The black lady just stared at her but the other women gushed about Africa and asked her questions about how long she’d lived in the states.



Jane was relieved when Jen interrupted to indicate that they had better get back up before the grumpy bear moved out of his den.



The white haired woman shook her head. “Tim hasn’t gotten over his wife’s death.”



“Well that doesn’t mean that he should take out his frustrations on me and Jane.” Jane stumbled when she heard the words from the other woman. The picture of the pretty lady…the ever-present look of anger. She should have recognized that look. She’d seen it time and time again in the faces of the girls at St. Bartholoma.



“When did…when did she die?”



“Almost a year ago.” The black woman responded. “Breast cancer. She used to be his assistant. She actually did what a lot of girls think they can do; marry the boss.” Claudette, the black woman glanced at Jen and then looked away.



Jen quickly covered her mouth. “Oh God…I didn’t realize…I mean, I knew she had died but no one told me she used to be his ASSISTANT!” Jen’s face turned red. “Oh my God…I made the stupidest comment about the filing system. Fuck! No one said she was the assistant! Why didn’t you all tell me?!”



No one even bothered to look at Jen and Jane knew something that Jen hadn’t figured out. They didn’t really like her. And in fact, they hadn’t told HER anything, they’d told Jane.



“Nice to meet you.” She said shyly.



“Come down anytime, Jane.” The black woman said. “We always sit at this table if we’re not outside enjoying the sun.”



She smiled. “Okay, I will.”



But back at the office Jane was stunned by what she’d learned. Tim came to work every day and passed the desk that his wife had worked and stared at the picture of her and went through each day wearing her loss like a mask on his face. Her heart ached for his pain.



The week moved swiftly. She soon became comfortable with the routine that she and Jen come up with. It allowed her to focus on the typing and Jen to work more closely with Tim. As much as she complained about him, the other woman certainly made sure she was the one that was always in Tim’s company. Jane liked what she did, but it did feel awkward when it became obvious that Jane was referring to him as Tim and Jen was still formally referring to him as Mr. Singleton.



Jen chided her for it and Jane confided that he’d told her to do so. After that Jen began referring to him as Tim, as well.





CHAPTER 6



When Friday finally arrived, Jane was excited. She could barely wait to meet the love of Dhakiya’s life. Her friend would pick her up from work and they would visit for a while before Rodney arrived.



Since Friday was dress-down day and she wanted to look nice for dinner, Jane wore black slacks instead of her customary skirt, and a colorful blouse that flowed to mid-thigh. She put on bangles; six on each wrist and she removed her crucifix for a fine gold chain. In her ears dangled gold loops. And instead of her customary bun, Jane sectioned her hair and twisted each into intricate designs. At first she was afraid that she might get into trouble for dressing so vibrantly. But then she decided that no one would have the nerves to tell an African not to dress like an African. And that thought made her laugh.



Still, as she moved to her work station and felt eyes on her, she became self-conscious. She remembered Sister Callista always chiding her to stand up straight and to walk proud. She decided that it wasn’t the worst thing in the world to be so lucky as to have 12 different mothers that cared about everything from your eternal soul to your posture.



Jane held her head high and walked proudly to her cubicle. Jen arrived and poured herself a cup of coffee. After watering it down she turned and watched her curiously.



“Good morning.” Jane said.



“Good morning.” Jen responded. She didn’t ask about her outfit so Jane didn’t volunteer. And she seemed a little unsure since it wasn’t her sitting in front of the computer today . Jane had been given the closing argument to type up and Tim wanted it by Monday. It meant that Jen couldn’t check her email and play some online scrabble game. She finally sat down in the second chair that had somehow, unofficially become Jane’s chair.



“So, any plans for the weekend?” Jane paused in her typing. She liked Jen but knew that the girl had no interest in her plans. She had already figured her out and knew this was just a question for her to segue into detailing her own plans for the weekend.



Thankfully Tim arrived before she could think of a response. Tim was tired and cranky. He had to make a closing argument Monday and it still didn’t ring right to him. It wasn’t a case that he liked but it was given to him because he had a knack for making unpleasant things ‘work’.



His client was sitting in jail, unable to make bail and he really didn’t like his daily jaunts to the Justice Center. He didn’t like the young bastard’s attitude; it was the third time he’d gotten caught selling crack. Three strikes. There was no doubt that the punk was going to jail, the question was for how long.



“Good morning.” He mumbled as he walked past. He didn’t even look at them. The girls responded likewise though he barely heard it as he entered his office. He hung up his coat and sat down in his chair. He turned on his computer, looked at the photos on his desk and then with a sigh he checked his messages on speaker as he looked at his planner.



Jane placed the coffee on his desk. “Thanks J-” The words fell from his lips as he stared at the tall dark skinned woman that he had only seen as frumpy and too skinny. As his eyes got wide, Jane smoothed down her blouse nervously.



Her bangles clacked together and she took a step back and turned for the door.



Damnit…he should say something nice. He’d just make made her feel self conscious when in actuality she had just surprised him at how pretty she actually was. “Jane.”



“Yes, Tim?” She turned with a cautious look in her eyes.



“That blouse is very nice. What’s the occasion?” She smiled shyly and it did something to him; made him feel good that he’d made her smile.



“I was going to meet friends after work tonight.”



He tried to place her accent and couldn’t. She was very pretty. He hadn’t quite noticed that before. “Where are you from, Jane? You have a slight accent...”



“I’m from Africa, Rwanda.”



“Oh.” The pieces fell into place; young orphaned girl living in a convent. It was 1994 when the Hutu’s were ordered to kill the Tutsi’s. Before it ended over eight hundred thousand people would be dead—on both sides. He couldn’t even fathom that, not in this day and age. But looking at her standing there in her African print blouse and covered in jewels made it disturbingly real. Tim tried to gauge her age. How old would she have been back in 1994? Five, six? Damnit…he hadn’t even taken the time to learn anything about her.



“So, how are you getting along?”



“Very well, thank you.”



“Well…if there’s anything you need, you’ll be sure to let me know?”



She nodded. “I will.” She left the office not realizing that she had held her breath until she let out a relieved ‘swoosh’. Jen was frowning at her.



Tim was too busy to take a lunch, so that meant that she and Jen were on their own. He had two appointments scheduled with perspective clients and he still had court. Once he left Jen practically grabbed her arm and dragged her off to lunch.



“Where are we going?” Jane barely had time to grab her sweater. Jen wasn’t pleased that Tim had complimented Jane on her looks. She had been coming to work each day dressed in her finest clothes and he had barely noticed.



Jen was not planning to stay with Rick for the rest of her life; not when his thirteen year old hated her and had threatened to kill her. She was pretty, why shouldn’t she be married to a lawyer? And Tim had married his assistant once before…



She had never thought to worry about Jane. She’d overheard Tim mention a convent and Jane herself had mentioned nuns. She suspected that the girl actually lived with nuns; she certainly dressed as if she did. She didn’t even wear a stitch of makeup.



But today she had come in looking…pretty. “I know a great place that serves the best salads.”



“Salad?” Jane asked.



Jen gave her a quick look. Of course she didn’t have to worry about her figure. The girl was as thin as a…well as one of those starving people in Africa. Jen grinned at her private joke. “They have other stuff.” Jen didn’t ask she just led the way to the small Italian restaurant.



“Tell me about yourself, Jane. I don’t feel like I know you at all.”



Jane shrugged. There was nothing interesting about her. “I just graduated from college. I have a degree-”



“I mean do you have a boyfriend?”



“No.” She shook her head.



“Why? Pretty girl like yourself.”



Jane stared at her and blinked. “I…well it’s hard to meet boys when you’re raised in an all girl’s school-”



Jen’s eyes got wide and she covered her mouth. “Jane, are you an orphan?”



She nodded.



“I’m sorry to hear that.” She said honestly. “But you’re still living there? In the convent?”



“Just for a while longer.” They reached the restaurant and Jen continued asking her questions. She explained that she had continued living there until she finished college but would now find her own place. Jane was not comfortable speaking of it, though for once Jen listened intently. Eventually she warmed up and described what it was like to live in a household of nuns. Boring.



They ordered their lunch. It was pretty expensive even for the salad that Jen ordered. Since it was the cheapest thing on the menu she ordered the same. But nearly nine dollars for a bowl of raw vegetables that she could get for free from Sister Brown Mary’s garden? From now on she would pack a sandwich.



They returned to work happy and laughing and Jane felt really good. She had her degree, a good job, a new friend; someone that didn’t judge her, an old friend that had never stopped caring about her, and the world didn’t seem like such a scary place after all.



“Let’s stop at the canteen and get some chocolate.” Jen said.



“You just ate a salad to keep your weight down!”



“I know but its Friday. We should treat ourselves!”



Jane grinned. “I’m just saying; you could have had the lasagna and treated yourself.”



They stopped at the 4th floor and headed for the vending machines that sold everything from questionable sandwiches to chips and candy. Jane saw Jen’s friends and hoped she wouldn’t want to sit with them. They’d been gone a long time and she was anxious to get back upstairs to check the messages. She knew that they were allowed lunch but they had been gone much longer then their allotted half hour.



“Let’s go over and say hi.” Jen said, already leading the way, her chocolate bar quickly hidden away into her purse.



The three women at the table had yet to see them approach. The white haired woman was the assistant to Mr. Bradbury and was chuckling.



“…there isn’t enough work for one let alone two. Tim has her training her own replacement and she hasn’t even figured it out.” Claudette suddenly nudged the gossiping woman as all eyes fell on them.



“Oh there you are, stranger. Where have you been?” The white haired woman said so sweetly to Jen, as if she hadn’t just been talking about her one second before.



Jen plastered on a fake smile but her face had gone white. “Great. It’s Friday. Jane and I thought we’d say hi but we better head back before the office collapses without us.” Jane nodded at them not sure what this was and how she was supposed to play her role. She didn’t understand this and there was more going on than what she could see.



Jen turned and left chatting endlessly about her weekend plans. Jane realized that she was pretending as if she hadn’t heard any of it. Jane wanted to say, stop. Let’s talk about this. But she didn’t.





CHAPTER 7



Tim stared into his closet at a loss for how he should dress. Going to dinner at his best friend’s house had never been this complicated. He cursed Elaina for wanting to introduce him to this woman. He didn’t want it and now he was a nervous wreck!



He snatched down a pair of beige Dockers, and then stared at them in disbelief. What the hell was he doing? He wasn’t going on a casual stroll somewhere! This was dinner…wait…no. He tossed the pants on his bed and returned to his closet, bypassing the black slacks and settling for dark blue Dockers.



It took him another 15 minutes to select a shirt; baby blue. Corrine said the shirt brought out his eyes. Tim shaved and showered then he stood naked in front of the mirror. Yikes. Jakob might not have been exaggerating. He sucked in his stomach and slapped his chest. He was still mostly muscle but it was definitely becoming soft.



He blow dried his hair. He’d gotten it cut yesterday and had stared in wonder at the length of the clippings scattered along the floor. He just didn’t realize how much he had let himself go. He dressed and the next time he looked into the mirror he saw a man that he recognized. There were more creases at the corner of his eyes and he was definitely too pale. But he had never had occasion to doubt his looks. Corrine had said once, ‘Honey, you are like Sean Connery; you’re just getting better with age…’



The memory made him smile. That was a first. When he thought about Corrine he usually felt…depleted. As if someone had drained the life right out of him.



Tim walked into the kitchen and was hit with a bad odor. He looked at the sink full of dirty dishes. It wasn’t that, it was the refrigerator. Damnit, he needed a housekeeper except a housekeeper would invade his space; disrupt the careful balance he had between memories and reality. His brother had asked him why he still lived in this big house. A four bedroom house for just two was excessive, but for one—it was downright crazy.



Except that moving would require him to touch everything that she had so lovingly placed; to then place those items into a box and to seal that box. And once the boxes were sealed they would never be opened by him again. And the idea of that was like burying her all over again. He just couldn’t do it.



So yes, he was very aware that he lived in Corrine’s tomb. Tim’s face pulled down into an angry scowl as he flung open the refrigerator and began to sweep almost everything into the trashcan that he had pulled forward. All he had left was butter, condiments, and his beer. Then he moved to the sink and ran hot soapy water so that the dishes could soak. Later he’d fill the dishwasher. For now, he vowed to buy paper plates and plastic eatery.



When he finally reached Jakob and Elaina’s house, he was tempted to turn away and maybe make up some excuse like…a car accident. Of course he’d have to run the car into something. Elaina wouldn’t buy anything less. But of course, they’d heard his car pull up into the circular drive and Elaina was already at the door pulling him inside and greeting him with hugs and kisses. He smiled. Elaina was a pretty fifty-something woman that appeared at least ten years younger than that. She was petite with ash blonde hair that was always perfectly coiffed. She never had one thing out of place from her perfectly painted nails to her flawless makeup.



“Hello,” he kissed her cheek. “You should have let me bring something; wine-”



“No!” She led him into the living room. “Then you would find an excuse not to come because you couldn’t find the perfect wine. Don’t think I don’t know how you operate, Mister.” She chided. He chuckled, okay, so she did know him well.



Jakob was holding a beer and he grinned and shook his friend’s hand. “I’ll let Elaina do the intros. You want one of these?” He held up his beer and Tim allowed his eyes to rest on the third person present.



“You know it.”



Elaina was beaming when she introduced the pretty woman. “Tim, I’d like you to meet Priscilla Hosgrove. Priscilla, this is our dear friend Tim Singleton.” He took Priscilla’s hand. She was very pretty; tall, dark short hair with boobs that captured his eyes before he moved them to her satisfied green eyes. He hoped he wasn’t blushing.



“So Tim, I understand that you and Jakob were roommates in college.”



“It would be safe to say that I know this man better than I know my own brother.”



Jakob handed him a beer. “Actually Tim is my non-Jewish brother from a different mother and father…and with no discernible similarities beyond a mutual desire to rule the world.”



Tim shook his head and grinned. “I warned you against the path of world domination.” He looked at Priscilla. “Don’t listen to him, Priscilla. I’d much rather have a home cooked meal than rule the world.”



Tim found that he enjoyed dinner, despite the moment of discomfort when he realized that Priscilla was sitting in the seat that Corrine had always used. Then it seemed horrible that he would be sitting next to this other woman while they all laughed and talked the way they used to when his wife was here.



But Elaina smiled at him and he knew that she understood and was secretly telling him that he was doing well. The moment passed and he felt comfortable talking and laughing again.



Priscilla was divorced with 2 adult children, and from what he could tell she didn’t have any type of job. She went to the same Temple that Jakob and Elaina did and Tim thought they must feel awfully sorry for him if they were setting him up with their Jewish friends.



After dinner they had coffee in the living room. Priscilla sat down next to him and he gave her an inviting smile while attempting to keep his eyes away from her breasts. He hadn’t made love to a woman in three years; two of which was while his wife was undergoing cancer treatment. He’d learned to get use to taking cold showers and going without. But Priscilla had worn a sweater that hugged her huge breasts and her otherwise slender body. And tonight he thought he’d need a cold shower for the first time in a long time.



“What kind of law do you practice, Tim?”



“Mostly criminal but some family.”



“Do you enjoy it?”



He hesitated. “It’s…not something that you generally enjoy. It’s more like…someone has to do it so it might as well be you.”



“I told this man to go into corporate law like me.” Jakob said as he placed his arms around Elaina where the two were sitting on the couch opposite him and Priscilla.



“I don’t think I can deal with boring contracts day after day.”



“True, but at least you don’t have to do your attorney consultations from behind bars.”



“Okay boys.” Elaina held up her hands and shook her head at Priscilla. “They’ve been having this same argument for years. Priscilla, tell Tim what happened when you went to that spa in Vancouver Island! It was hilarious!”



Priscilla began her story about a touchy feely masseuse while Tim politely tried to appear attentive. He’d figured out that he really wasn’t interested or ready to pursue anything with the woman. There was absolutely nothing wrong with her; even if her breasts were fake. But other than a mild interest in seeing her sweater possibly pull apart at the seams and fall off, there was nothing.



He knew that he could offer to take Priscilla out because it was the polite thing to do. And they might even get into an unofficial routine of meeting up once or twice a week just for the purpose of keeping each other company. But before long it would become a ‘thing’, and not because he necessarily liked her in that way…but just because he had been lonely and polite.



If he was going to have a ‘thing’ with someone, it wouldn’t be out of a sense of expectation.



After a polite span of time he announced that he was leaving and told Priscilla that he had enjoyed meeting her. He kissed Elaina noting her look of disappointment. He shook Jakob’s hand, grabbed the leftover brisket that Elaina didn’t have to twist his arm to take, and then he went home.





CHAPTER 8



Sunday was always hectic. Everyone got up at 4:30 to prepare for morning Mass. The girl’s would be hungry and restless and they wouldn’t be allowed breakfast until they returned. Later would be the evening mass then dinner. Between that your day was yours to do as you pleased. Jane didn’t feel like watching television or even being with the other girls not even the littlest ones that she usually enjoyed holding and hugging as if they were little doll babies.



Walking into town was useless since the library and most everything else was closed. She just wanted to be alone. She had so many things going on inside of her that she needed time to examine, so she went outside, bypassing the play equipment that had been donated by the city. It was too muddy to allow the young ones outdoors to play so she perched herself on one of the swings and she thought about Dhakiya and Rodney. She closed her eyes and squeezed her fist over the cold metal chain as she swung lightly backwards and forwards.



Dhakiya had come to pick her up after work. She didn’t mention the Jen situation even though it was still weighing heavily on her mind. Today was supposed to be about having fun and she decided to put work behind her. Dhakiya offered her some wine and she decided that she would try some.



She only took a few sips, afraid that it would go straight to her head and it had but in a good way. The two friends laughed and danced and then Rodney finally arrived. Then the world seemed to freeze for her; she even stopped breathing. Rodney was so handsome that she could barely blink her eyes. He wasn’t very tall, though taller than Dhakiya who stood at 5’9” or so. He had a thick stocky body with a slightly rounded belly but seemed to have tight muscles. His light browned skin lent to a possible mixed race heritage along with a thick curly afro. He seemed older than she and Dhakiya but probably no older than early thirties.



And he was beautiful.



When he opened the front door, Dhakiya squealed and jumped up and ran to him. She threw herself into his arms and he caught her easily.



“Hi, baby.” He kissed her three times, each time a little longer and a little more thoroughly until the last and final kiss in which he groaned in pleasure against her lips.



That is when the funny things begin to happen in Jane’s body. The smile of greeting fell from her mouth as she began to warm and pulsate. She glanced away but her eyes pulled back to the two young lovers. For a moment they had forgotten her. Dhakiya’s arms were around his neck and his hands were on her hips and it was very innocent. But for Jane it was the sexiest thing she had ever seen.



She looked down at her hands in embarrassment her breath feeling tight in her chest and her throat aching. Dhakiya pulled back with a broad smile on her face.



“Rodney,” she took his hand and dragged him into the living room where Jane was still sitting on the couch. “This is my best friend and my sister in spirit; Martier. Martier Besigye.” She stood and offered her hand.



Rodney’s smile was as bright and welcoming as Dhakiya’s when he grabbed her in a big bear hug. Jane’s eyes widened in alarm, and she was soon engulfed in his strong arms. Her heart began beating wildly and the pulse in her body thrummed faster, sweat began to form on her brow and she suddenly had difficulty breathing.



“Well if you’re Kiya’s sis than you’re my sis, too!” He gave her a quick squeeze and released her. “Mar…Martie-AY?



She nodded too fast and gave him a shaky smile. “Mar-TEE-ay.”



“Everybody call you Marty?” He joked.



She ducked her head in the sight of his smile. “Everybody calls me Jane.”



“Jane?” He looked at her in confusion.



Dhakiya rolled her eyes. “Honey, I told you how our school likes to rename everyone.”



“They don’t do it anymore.” Jane explained hastily. “We have children from Haiti and they needed to remember their names in case their parent’s…locate them.”



Dhakiya just made a hmph sound. “They weren’t wrong, of course. They’ll never admit that.” Rodney grabbed her from behind and kissed her neck.



“Shh, babe. Those days are over.” Jane watched and tried not to. Their intimacy was so commonplace to them, but they had no idea how much she longed to have someone touch her like that. Dhakiya relaxed in his arms. “I’m going to get cleaned up for dinner.” He announced then waved his hand to Jane while retreating to the bathroom.



He seemed nice. And it wasn’t that she wanted him. She just wanted what the both of them had. When he hugged her; it was the first one that she could ever remember receiving from a male. Every place that his body touched on hers left a phantom impression. Even now, as she sat on the swing, she could still feel the hardness of his body against the softness of hers.



Jane opened her eyes and went back to the school. She headed for the sanctuary and sat down in one of the pews and picked up one of the bibles that sat in the slot behind the pew in front of hers. She quickly thumbed through the pages until her eyes settled on the words that she so loved.



…I rose up to open to my beloved; and my hands dropped with myrrh, and my fingers with sweet smelling myrrh, upon the handles of the lock.



I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer.

The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me.



I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I am sick of love.



What is thy beloved more than another beloved, O thou fairest among women? what is thy beloved more than another beloved, that thou dost so charge us?



My beloved is white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand.

His head is as the most fine gold, his locks are bushy, and black as a raven.



His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters, washed with milk, and fitly set.



His cheeks are as a bed of spices, as sweet flowers: his lips like lilies, dropping sweet smelling myrrh.



His hands are as gold rings set with the beryl: his belly is as bright ivory overlaid with sapphires.



His legs are as pillars of marble, set upon sockets of fine gold: his countenance is as Lebanon, excellent as the cedars.



His mouth is most sweet: yea, he is altogether lovely. This is my beloved, and this is my friend, O daughters of Jerusalem...



For some unknown reason, it was Tim’s face that Jane imagined.





CHAPTER 9



When Martier got to work, early as usual, her mood had improved from the day before. Jen came in a few moments later. And as usual, Jane admired her pretty outfit. Today it was a pencil skirt and a matching jacket with three quarter sleeves. Maybe she would ask if she would help her shop for suitable clothes. She was wearing a green tweed skirt that reached just above her knees and another white blouse, this time with a fake lace front sewn in to look like she was wearing a pretty undergarment.



“Good morning.” Jane said.



Jen didn’t speak. She put away her things and walked to the coffee pot and poured herself coffee, watering it down and then nuking it. Jane glanced at her. Even if Jen hadn’t heard her she still would have spoken by now. Jane turned back to the computer, lightly biting her lip. Was she angry at her because of what those women had said? But she hadn’t done anything wrong.



Tim arrived as Jen was unlocking the file cabinets. “Good morning ladies.”



Jane looked up and paused before responding. Tim had gotten a haircut and it looked really good. His face didn’t seem as angry either. “Good morning.” She said. Jen popped up from her seat.



“Good morning. I’ll get your coffee, Tim. And I have your closing argument. I’ll bring them right in.”



Jane sat there momentarily wondering when Jen had printed the document that she had completed Friday. And had she intentionally meant it to sound as if she had done the work on it? Maybe it didn’t matter. After all, the important thing is that Tim got what he needed, no matter who actually did the work. She sighed to herself and when Jen returned the woman still didn’t bother to look at her.



Tuesday was a repeat of the same thing except Jen had beat her in to work. That was a big feat since Jane arrived half an hour early. Just like the day before Jen didn’t say good morning or speak to her. And the coffee had already been brewed. Tim wouldn’t be happy about that, but when she poured herself a cup Jane saw that it was strong the way she and Tim took it.



Since Jen had taken the seat in front of the computer, Jane decided to scan in documents so that Tim could access them by computer when needed. Jane had decided that she would not allow Jen’s unwillingness to be friends stop her from enjoying her new job. She had brought her bible as well as the Maya Angelou book and intended to read out loud in the pavilion when she had a break. The two worked in silence and when Tim arrived Jen jumped up and broke her neck to get his cup of coffee even though Jane had no intentions of getting up.



“Jen, I need to use the computer. I need to make sure these were scanned in properly,” Jane asked a bit later.



“Okay.”



But an hour later she was still on the computer as if she hadn’t heard Jane say she needed to check for the scanned items and considering that Jane did the majority of the typing she really needed to work on it before they got behind. She also needed to check her passwords to make sure that she had access to the accounts she needed.



The phone rang, it was Tim’s line. Jen answered it quickly. “Yes Tim? Yes it’s all been scanned in; I’ll email it to you.” When she hung up Jane looked at her.



“Were you just talking about the documents I scanned?”



Jen gave her a blank look. “Yeah? Why? Oh I’m sorry I checked already and they scanned in good.”



Jane took a deep breath. “Jen…maybe we should talk about what happened last week.”



Jen turned to her. “What happened last week?” Jane knew then that they would never be friends.



“We both overheard the woman say that you were training your replacement.”



Jen smiled. “No lawyer needs two assistants even if he is a partner. But that doesn’t necessarily mean it’s me that will be leaving.”



Jane gave her a surprised look. So she really was trying to take all the credit for the work. They were both competing for the same job…only Tim had already offered it to her and she had already accepted it. She didn’t think Jen realized this and she didn’t feel one bit bad that the other girl had had it first. All she ever did was complain and Jane actually really enjoyed what she was doing. She had no intentions of mentioning what she already knew. But she did intend to watch her back very closely.



“I think I’ll take a break.” She stood up and went to Tim’s door, knocking lightly.



“Come in.” He looked up. “Jane. Sorry I haven’t had much time to check on you. How’s everything going?”



“It’s fine. Thank you.” Jane’s eyes swept over Tim’s new shorter haircut amazed that she hadn’t realized how attractive he was before this. Now that he wasn’t sheathed in shaggy white hair she had to reconsider his age. Maybe he actually wasn’t yet fifty. He was big the way a man should be and tall and she could tell by the size of his arms that he was very strong. It was obvious that he had the means to take care of himself as well as a family and it was so sad that he had lost his pretty wife. She found herself wondering if he had children. She felt bad for him.



He cleared his throat, waiting for her to say what she wanted. She quickly began to speak. “Oh, I just wanted to tell you that I’m going to take a short break and wanted to know if you needed me for anything.”



“No, Jane. I know we haven’t talked about breaks and lunches. It’s just been so busy this week but tomorrow I won’t have court and things will be a bit more normal. When things get busy like this I might ask you to bring me something back or order lunch, but if I do that I will treat you as well, okay?”



She nodded and smiled. “Yes. That’s fine. Did you want me to bring you something back from the canteen?”



“No, but thanks for asking.”



As she closed his door, Jen flashed her a disgusted look which Jane tried to ignore though it still made her stomach drop. She grabbed the book of poems and headed for the elevators. As she left the work area she felt slightly relieved. Jane hadn’t even realized that the tension had started getting to her.



She pressed the down button on the elevator and heard someone’s whispered comment.



“…she dresses like that because she lives in a convent.”



Someone snickered and Jane glanced behind her. Three women were glancing in her direction but straightened when they saw her look.



“…did she hear us?!”



“I don’t know…”



Jane got into the elevator and jammed the button for the lobby. Her ears were ringing and she felt sick to her stomach. She smoothed down her skirt and fought back stinging tears. They cared so much about how people looked here. But her clothes were clean even if they had come out of the donation bin at the school.



There was a pavilion that she’d seen while walking to and from the bus stop. There were stone benches that didn’t look very comfortable, but they were beneath pergolas draped in sculptured flowering vines. Jane headed in that direction not sure if she would take a seat on the bench or continue walking until she got to her bus stop.



Her feet carried her to the bench and she sat down. She took in a shaky breath and tried to smile to herself. The stinging in her eyes faded. She had a degree, a job in a prestigious law firm, she was the assistant to one of the partners who routinely treated her to lunch, she had a true friend in Dhakiya and soon she would have her own apartment. She had plenty of blessings to count.



She opened the book of poetry by Maya Angelou, and then searched for the poem that she wanted to read aloud. Very softly she recited it, feeling her tongue roll over each word and enjoying the way they resonated back to her with meaning and strength.



…You may shoot me with your words,

You may cut me with your eyes,

You may kill me with your hatefulness,

But still, like air, I'll rise…



~***~



It rained Wednesday and by the time Jane got to work her shoes were wet and scuffed. Actually they were scuffed even before today; from the constant walking that they had not been meant for. She hung up her raincoat and could barely wait for the coffee to brew to get rid of the slight chill that had settled in her bones. Today was unusually cold for late spring and she kept on the grey wool sweater that she wore over her white blouse. She was wearing her navy skirt again, but didn’t dare wear any of the pleated skirts she owned for fear that people really would make fun of her.



She would get paid Friday and the first thing she intended to do was to buy shoes and clothes. Jen had started the coffee brewing and neither spoke to the other. She knew that Jen would hog up the computer again so she busied herself with other things…only most things they did was done on the computer.



Since Tim wasn’t due in court today and things wouldn’t be nearly as hectic, Jane decided to take a break around ten. She knocked on his door and asked if he wanted her to bring him anything back.



He thought about it. “Donuts if they have them.” He dug for his wallet and handed her five dollars. “Get yourself something, too.”



She was thankful for that. Her money was very low. “I’ll be back in about 15 minutes.”



He shook his head. “That’s barely long enough to stand in line. Just be back within half an hour.”



“Okay.” She headed back to the door and her shoes began to squeak. When she glanced behind her Tim was staring down at them.



“Oh,” She stammered. “It rained and my shoes got wet.” Her face felt hotter than a smoking skillet. Now there was no way that she could ever wear these shoes again. Tim had noticed how old they looked!



He nodded and stared at her. “You take the bus?”



“Yes, two actually. The one by the convent only drops me off downtown, and then I either take another bus to get here—or walk.” When he didn’t say anything else she finally left.



She wished it wasn’t raining so hard or she would have taken a break outside, it would be the first break that she’d taken down in the canteen since the last time she’d been here with Jen. But there was no way that she could sit and relax in the work area with the woman when she practically vibrated hostility at her. Before, she had merely ignored her. Now Jen gave her nasty looks and rolled her eyes whenever she did something for Tim, like buying him the donuts. What Jen didn’t get is that Jane wasn’t doing it to save her job—she would have done it anyway.



When she walked past the people that had made fun of her the day before, she felt her back bristle and tried not to look at them. They didn’t even look in her direction either, even though they had to have heard her approach with her damned squeaky shoes. Embarrassed she quickly entered the elevator and went down to the canteen.



“Jane?” She was standing in front of the vending machine looking at the packaged treats but there were no donuts. She looked up quickly and saw the black woman that she had been introduced to by Jen. She wondered if Jen was ignoring them, too and figured that they probably didn’t care one way or the other.



“Hi. Nice to see you again,” Jane said, not sure if that statement was true or not.



“Claudette.” The lady said, re-introducing herself. Claudette appeared to be in her forties, plump and pretty with a round brown face and big brown eyes. Her coifed hair was neat and her dress nice but more on the casual side then the way Jen dressed.



“I’m happy I saw you. I was planning to pay you a visit today.”



“Oh?” Jane was surprised.



Claudette’s brow gathered. “Do you have a minute to talk?”



“Yeah,” she was curious. “I was just getting Tim something but I see that they don’t have donuts-”



“Oh, there’s a coffee shop down in the lobby and they sale donuts and pastries there. It’s usually crowded but they do have good ones. I’ll show you, and then we’ll have time to talk.” Jane gave her an appreciative smile.



“Thanks Claudette.”



Claudette gave her a sideways look as they walked. “What do you think of Tim?”



Jane thought about that before answering. “He seems sad, but now I understand about his wife’s death. Still you can tell that he’s a good person.”



Claudette smiled. “I’m happy to hear you say that. The other girl doesn’t get it. But I’ve been here for over 15 years and I knew Tim’s wife—we all did. She worked with him even though she could have sat at home on her butt like so many do. And I’ll tell you now, Tim is good people.”



Jane listened closely as they walked. “He loved her a lot, didn’t he?”



Claudette looked sad. “Yes he did. He would say, ‘I need-’ and she’d say, ‘Honey, I put it on your desk.’ And it would be there. He really did depend on her a lot. And if sometimes he seems difficult, that’s the reason.”



“Thank you for that, Claudette.” But she had already figured that out. They entered the coffee shop and it was indeed crowded but the line moved fast. She scanned the display for pastries and saw that the pickings were slim for donuts.



“Ugh…they only have chocolate ones and…I don’t know what that is.”



“Get him a slice of the lemon loaf.” Claudette said with a smile.



“Yes?”



“Corrine got it for him when they were out of donuts.”



Corrine. Jane tried to imagine Corrine standing in this very line ordering a pastry for Tim and it sent a jolt down to her bones when she realized that she was now the ‘keeper of the torch’.



“Jane, the reason I wanted to talk to you is because I…realized what you were saying the other day, when you mentioned living near Kigali. I know the others didn’t put it together, but my church took up a collection to send to Rwanda and the charity had set up a base in Kigali.” Jane glanced at the woman who had been nice enough to give her information about Tim but she really didn’t want to talk about living in a refugee camp and what it was like to survive genocide. She understood the curiosity at the same time that she resented it. Would people ask these questions of a person that had survived any other tragedy? What was it like? Sometimes she would want to scream, what do you think it’s like to have everyone around you die—and not even be able to remember how?



Jane’s eyes darted away and around the room until Claudette touched her hand. “Jane, I didn’t want to stir up unpleasant memories. I wanted to tell you to watch Jen because she has been telling your business to everyone; well those that listen to her.” Claudette’s lip twisted. “I don’t like that one, but that’s neither here nor there. I would have told you this anyways, but the fact that you are doing good by Tim makes me even more inclined.”



As Jane’s emotions began to settle she offered Claudette a shaky smile. They got to the head of the line then and Jane ordered 2 slices of the lemon loaf to be placed in separate bags. Jen didn’t really know any of her business, though. So she had gossiped about her life in a catholic girl’s school. Jane didn’t care about that.



“Listen,” Claudette said after Jane had paid and they were leaving the shop. “I know you overheard some people saying things about you.”



Jane frowned. Now that caught her by surprise. “How do you know all of this?”



“Because Rangbo, Singleton, Bradbury and Marx is a small little world unto itself. And there are very few secrets in this small little world, especially for us long-timers. There are those that come out of the temporary service and they are the short-timers. They will get a call to work at another place, fill in an empty slot. But those like me, Diana, Lois and a lot of the others that have been here for ten or more years know the real deal.” Jane listened intently.



“Please don’t be discouraged. I know it’s not easy. But you seem like a nice person and not everyone here…” They entered the elevator and it was filled with people so Claudette waited until they were back on their floor before she continued. “Not everyone here acts or thinks like Jen.”



Jane was touched that Claudette had made a point of talking to her about this. She smiled her appreciation. “But you are going to have to do something about those shoes.” She whispered. Jane laughed. She would make an emergency visit to the donation bin when she got home tonight. Maybe she would find something suitable until she got paid.



It was probably not something normally done in the office, and more than likely probably a little strange, but Jane reached forward and gave Claudette a hug. “Thank you,” she whispered. She wanted to make Claudette aware that she wasn’t offended by her comment about her shoes and she found that she didn’t care what anyone thought of it.



“I’m Aaron Rangbo’s Assistant. If you need anything ring me. My number is in the directory.”



“I will.”



Jane had a pleased smile on her face when she knocked on Tim’s door and placed the bag containing his pastry on his desk. She also placed his change and the receipt there.



“Sorry, Tim, no donuts but I got you a slice of lemon loaf pound cake.”



Tim smiled. “Thank you, Jane.” Thank Claudette, she thought, because you very nearly got a bear claw from the vending machine.





CHAPTER 10



“Tim, Mr. Rangbo is here to see you.” Jen’s voice came over his speakerphone. He checked his watch for the time. Damn what did Aaron want! He didn’t have time for this when he was trying to write the legal brief. It was something he and Corrine always did and now…he just couldn’t seem to get a handle on it.



“Send him in.”



Tim stood and shook the hand of one of his partners. Aaron Rangbo was in his sixties and approaching retirement. He always looked tired and he talked like Ben Stein. Tim never understood how anyone could sit through his arguments unless he won cases because people just wanted him to shut the hell up. His nick-name was Eeyore after the slow talking stuffed animal from Winnie the Pooh.



“How can I help you, Aaron?” And why didn’t you just call for chrissakes??



Aaron sat down, not taking the not-so-subtle hint. “Is there a reason that you have two assistants?”



“Why do you ask, did you need to borrow one?” Tim took his seat again since this might take a while.



“Hardly. Claudette barely has enough work as it is. She spends more time in the canteen than she does behind her desk.”



“Yeah, and you wouldn’t know what to do without her.”



“True.” He became thoughtful. It was rumored that Claudette was more than just Aaron’s assistant. Tim believed it to be true, though he didn’t understand how Claudette could tolerate pillow talk with the man. “But you didn’t answer my question.” Aaron continued.



“That was a real question? Sheesh, man, I thought that was a segue.” He raised his brow, then glanced at the door and lowered his voice. “I just want to make sure Jane knows the ropes before I let the other one go.”



“Ahh, so it is true.”



“True?”



“That you have one assistant training her replacement.”



Tim sat back in his chair. “Well…”



“And they both know it.” Aaron got up to leave and Tim was preparing to tell him to wait when he finished his thought on his own. “And one is making life a living hell for the other.”



He could only sit there stunned at those words. Well…he should have anticipated that, shouldn’t he have? He’d screwed this up royally. Corrine would have thumped him on his head and said, ‘What were you thinking?’



He walked Aaron to the door and looked at Jen and Jane. They were quiet as they worked and he realized that the quiet was filled with tension. Well why the hell hadn’t he noticed that before? He glanced at his watch. He had to deal with this right now.



“Jane. May I see you in my office?”



“Sure, Tim.” She grabbed a small pad and ink pen. Then she followed him into his office with her shoes making soft squeaking sounds. She tried to walk quietly, but that just didn’t help. She moved to sit down and Tim stopped her.



“You don’t have to sit down.” He had shut the door and was staring at her with a look of displeasure. She tried to think if she’d done something wrong. When Tim was angry his body seemed to take up the entire room and he reminded her of a bull; like you didn’t want to turn your back on him because he was one moment from charging.



“Jane, I just have one question for you. Has Jen been making it tough for you here?”



Jane’s mouth parted in surprise. It was a yes or no question but she felt that there was more to the answer than just yes. She finally closed her mouth while she thought about her response.



“Yes.” She finally said.



Tim seemed even unhappier. “Well I’m sorry for that. But…why didn’t you come to me?”



“I…didn’t know that I could.”



His eyes dropped to the carpet. “You can go. Tell Jen to come in.” She gave him a worried look and he cracked his knuckles, a serene look crossed his face but there was something very cold in his eyes. “It’s okay.”



She left his office and sat down in her seat, the one without the typewriter because Jen had hogged it up all day even though there were plenty of things that she needed to type. It meant that Jen hadn’t done any of the other work—leaving it for Jane.



She gave the other girl a sideways look. “Tim would like to see you in his office.” Jen gave her a curious look.



“About?”



“Could you log out of the computer please, so that I can use it?”



Jen did with a mean sigh. She stood and rapped on the office door. Jane sat down at the computer and noticed that her account was locked. She frowned. The last time she’d signed on she hadn’t had any problems. She read the message closely.



THERE HAS BEEN TOO MANY FAILED ATTEMPTS TO LOG IN. PLEASE CONTACT YOUR ADMINISTRATOR.



The muscles in Jane’s jaw tightened. Jen had been trying to log into her account. Thank God she’d changed all of her passwords after Jen had been acting so ugly. She picked up the phone to call the administrator and was verifying information when two security guards came up.



Jane looked at her computer and thought, what did she do with my accounts?! She looked warily at the two guards, but they weren’t there for her. After a brief nod they knocked on Tim’s door and entered without waiting.



Everyone on the floor was craning to see what was happening. What Jane didn’t realize is that generally when a temp was let go they were contacted directly by the temp agency who gave them instructions not to return. It was very uncommon for an executive to handle something like that.



Jane hadn’t done anything wrong but she wished that she wasn’t here right now. She especially didn’t want to see Jen being escorted out. Still, she was curious about what was going on in the office.



Tim was sitting at his desk when Jen had walked in.



“Sit down, please.” He said casually.



She took a seat, holding a note pad and pen.



“Jen the closing argument was typed perfectly. Not a word out of place.”



She smiled. “Thank you.”



“You typed that?”



“Well…yes.”



“I see.” Tim teepeed his hands in front of him and watched her. “That’s the kind of work that I’m looking for here. As you probably know I really can’t use two assistants. I need to let one of you go. But,” he placed his hands flat on his desk, “I wanted to give you an opportunity to tell me why I should select you over Jane?”



Jen licked her lips and then leaned forward. “Tim, frankly, I didn’t want to say anything. Jane is a nice lady, but she’s kind of lazy. I end up doing a lot of the work in the office, or I have to correct her work.”



“Give me an example.”



Jen looked up at the ceiling for a moment. “I’ve had to do the typing. She scanned several documents that turned out blank. Tim I really think she scanned the wrong side. She’s also not very careful with the files. I’ve had to fix them.”



Tim nodded. “I see. Why didn’t you tell me any of this?”



“Well I knew that she was still learning. But in some ways…” she gave Tim a discreet look. “I don’t know if she’s the right person for this job. You know she lives in that convent. I have no problem with it, but…she does carry a bible.”



Tim’s brow went up. “She carries a bible?”



“It’s in her drawer—I know that only because I had to get ink pens and saw it!” Knowing that she had Tim’s full attention, Jen leaned back and re-crossed her legs.



“Well?” He finally said after a prolonged pause.



She seemed confused. “I’m sorry?”



He scowled. “You haven’t told me anything about why I should keep you. Honestly, you’re not the best typist.”



“Well, that one report-”



He raised a halting hand. “That was the worst excuse for typing I’ve ever seen. But even the ones before that were filled with typos. I let them go because no one but me had to see them. Of course this last paper that you turned in; flawless. So, I suppose everyone deserves a learning curve.” Jen’s defensive posture relaxed. “But…” he gave her a cold stare. “You’re a bit of a gossip.”



The young woman’s mouth flew open. “Jane is lying if she said I was the one that was…”



Tim waited. “Was?”



Jen leaned forward again. “She doesn’t…dress very office professional. Some of the girls have said things about it and about the way her shoes squeak. But I did not say any of that, it’s petty and I take pity on her. If her…feet weren’t so big I’d give her some of my shoes.”



Tim pressed a button on the phone. “Security, I’ll need a terminated employee escorted out.”



“Right away Mr. Singleton.”



Jen sat up straight. “Tim, I can assure you that Jane has been lying! I’ve not done anything to her-”



“Jane hasn’t told me anything about you.” Jen’s mouth parted. “You spent more time shooting her down then selling yourself—and that’s only because you can’t. I think Jane is the one that figured out the filing system. And it’s certainly Jane that is the more proficient typist. I believe that Jane has been doing the majority of the work…and probably fixing your errors. She doesn’t try to take credit for it, either. She hasn’t once taken credit for doing anything around here; except, perhaps making the best cup of coffee that I’ve had in ages.”



There was a knock at the door and Tim came to his feet. Security entered and Tim gave her a dismissive look. “Please collect your things and your things only. And the notepad and pen you’re holding; leave that right there on my desk.”



“Ma’ame. Follow us.” Jen’s mouth was still hanging open in total surprise. She got up and was escorted to the cubicle and allowed to get her items from her cubby, along with the photograph of her dog NuNu and some other trinkets there.



Jane was standing at the wet bar so that she wouldn’t be in the way. Jen wouldn’t meet her eyes and Jane took no pleasure in seeing her like this. She was escorted out while everyone quietly watched.



~***~



Every one of Jane’s accounts were locked…which was actually a good thing because that meant that Jen hadn’t been able to access them-- and she made sure to check anything of hers that Jen could have had contact with. She called Tim and explained what had happened. She heard him cursing. He told her to call IT to take the entire computer. She heard him saying to himself that he wouldn’t put anything past her.



“How far are you behind?” There wasn’t a question of if, just how far.



Jane was honest. “I don’t think Jen has done any of the things she said she would.”



“Christ. You’ll need to come into my office and you can work under my account.” After hanging up the phone he realized that he’d said Christ. Wasn’t that considered blasphemy or something? Shit, he’d have to watch his language. Damnit.



He hoped that woman hadn’t compromised any of his clients in an attempt to discredit Jane. If she had then there would be hell to pay and he would press charges to the fullest extent of the law…and he knew of ways to make the fullest extent even fuller!



Jane came in and he quickly printed up some items that he would need to prepare for tomorrow’s partners meeting, and then he got up and gave her his seat. She gave him a shy look.



“Thank you.”



“Just tell me what systems you need and I’ll log in to them.” The two worked quietly together; Jane’s steady typing a comforting backdrop. Tim almost forgot…well it was like Corrine was there. He glanced out the window and saw the rain pouring down. It wasn’t letting up and it was nearly time to leave. He thought about Jane’s shoes squeaking and her taking two buses to get home. That was just ridiculous! She’d be like a drowned rat within minutes of being out in this weather!



“You can finish up tomorrow. Are you ready to go? Because I’m leaving and I can just take you home.”



Her mouth opened and formed a little O. She glanced out the window and her brow went up at the relentless rain. “It’s coming down pretty hard. If it’s no trouble, I’d appreciate it,” was her whispered response.



“Not at all.”



She pressed save and logged out. She stood and stretched, then slipped her stockinged feet into her shoes. Tim hadn’t even realized that she had gotten comfortable enough to take them off. He watched her, barely realizing that he was watching her every move. She was so tall and graceful. The line of her neck was just like a ballerina’s. She didn’t wear a stitch of makeup but her face was perfect; even her dark brown lips didn’t need a bit of red, and her brown eyes were lined in the blackest of lashes, her brow arched perfectly…



Tim blinked and looked away before she caught him staring and thought he was a pervert. “Um…I was going to eat dinner. Feel free to join me.” He looked embarrassed. “You can help me celebrate winning my case.”



“Oh you won!” She exclaimed happily.



“I suppose you can say that, although my client will be spending several years behind bars. Strange victory but it’s what he hired me for. So is that a yes?”



Jane didn’t know how comfortable she would be eating dinner with Tim…but she was his assistant and she had better learn to get comfortable with him quick. They would be working closely together.



“Yes, thank you.” They put on their coats and headed out the office together.



“Where would you like to eat?” He asked once they were in the building’s garage.



Her mouth dropped. “Oh…I wouldn’t know…”



He used his key to disengage the locks on his Cadillac. Some liked their sports cars but he was still a Cadillac kind of man. “What do you like to eat?” He opened the door for her.



“I…You decide. I like everything.”



Tim chuckled. That could not be true. He should test her on that…but maybe some other time. He wanted a big juicy steak and he knew just the place.



“Steak it is.”



Jane settled into the nice leather seat of Tim’s car then buckled herself in. She found herself peeking at him as they drove. She noted that he had developed a five o’clock shadow and it brought his professional and polished look more down to earth. She liked seeing him with his tie loosened and his jacket off. But she actually liked the way he looked dressed perfectly for court, too. She knew nothing about men’s suits, only that his big muscular body looked great in them. Even sitting, she could see the way the fine material stretched over his big thighs.



She felt a tingly sensation in her belly and quickly turned to look out at the passing scenery. They arrived at a place called Nicks Chops and Chasers. The restaurant was built like a stone cottage and as soon as they got out of the car, Jane could smell the roasting meats. Her stomach began to growl and she glanced at Tim to see if he’d heard. If he did he didn’t show it as he led her into the nice restaurant. She hoped her shoes wouldn’t start squeaking any louder as they hurried through the rain.



Once inside a host greeted them and then whisked them into the crowded main room. There was a huge fireplace and Jane was thoroughly impressed. They were seated at a small table near the fireplace and she was happy for the added warmth.



“I hope you like steak. They serve the best aged beef I’ve ever had.”



She nodded. “I’ve never had steak.”



He gave her a confused look. “Never?”



“We have roast beef but never steak.”



He thought of something appropriate to say. “Well…I’m sure that Nick’s is the best introduction to steak that you could ever have.”



“Thank you for inviting me.”



“No, thank you.” He decided not to say that he would have never had the guts to come here without someone. He still hadn’t gotten used to eating alone in public. A waitress came and took their drink orders. Tim had a beer and Jane had raspberry lemonade. Then he spent a few minutes helping her decide what cut of steak she might like. She settled on a ribeye while he went for the porterhouse. She wasn’t sure how she preferred it cooked so to be on the safe side he had them make hers medium well. He himself preferred medium and he made sure they brought all of the trimmings.



Jane was staring in shock at the prices. Her steak would cost $29! Tim’s was nearly twice that. Then add in their sides—which was not included in the price and their drinks and this meal would end up costing him more than she’d ever held at one time in her hands. The sisters only gave her $30 a week and she never had more than a dollar left over from it by the beginning of the next week.



After the food was ordered, it got quiet and Tim cleared his throat. “So, you live with nuns?”



“Yes.”



“What’s that like?” Everybody asked that question.



“Well,” she smiled. “I don’t know what it would be like NOT to live with nuns.”



He nodded. That made sense. “How long have you lived there?”



“Since I was six.”



And before that was Rwanda. He didn’t mention that. “Are you going to become a nun?”



“No!” She almost shouted that out and Tim chuckled. She grinned. He had a wonderful sounding laugh. “I love the sisters, but they aren’t always the easiest people to live with.”



“I can imagine. Do they hit you over the knuckles with rulers?” He was only half kidding.



“No. But they give you an 8:00 curfew even if you’re an adult. And the food is…not very good. No one really knows how to cook. It’s not what people think. Nuns are just like everyone else. They don’t walk around talking about god all of the time or reading scripture. Most of them live in apartments and not in convents.”



“I didn’t know that.”



“Yes. Bartholoma is more old-fashioned because we do have the majority of the sister’s living on campus. There are very strict rules.”



“Strict? More strict than being home by 8:00?” That seemed unfathomable to him.



“Oh yes. No makeup, no secular music, no boys, no books unless they are from the reading list or assigned by a teacher-”



“These are rules even for an adult such as yourself?”



She sighed. “I’m actually not supposed to be living on campus. I graduated college just a short while ago and I’m expected to leave St. Bartholoma.”



He mulled that information over. She was obviously smart, he knew that even before this revelation. “Congratulations on graduating. What did you study?”



She wanted to go for Liberal Arts but Bartholoma wouldn’t fund that. “I have a degree in early childhood education and theology.”



“Okay. So you want to teach religion to children?”



“No.” She shook her head adamantly. “I just wanted to go to school.” Any school that was outside of St. Bartholoma.



Tim cocked his head. “It sounds like a good thing that you won’t be living at that convent.”



She twisted her lip. “That’s why Sister Louise helped me to get this job. I was told that I’d have to leave unless I became a nun. They allowed me to stay as long as I went to school and helped out, but now…”



Tim thought that she should be thankful that she was asked to leave. The place sounded like it was right out of the middle ages.



“So where are you going to live?”



“I have to have money first.”



“Damn…Oh sorry! I meant darn!” He didn’t mean to curse and he’d have to learn to watch his language around her. His cheeks turned red.



Jane laughed. “I don’t mind if you say damn. Guess what? Nuns say it too.”



“They do?” He leaned forward. “Are they allowed to curse?”



“No. But they do all kinds of things that they aren’t allowed to.” He looked confused.



“Like what?”



She just grinned.



“You’re not going to say?”



“I took a vow. No one is allowed to speak a word about their ways outside of the convent.” He gave her a shocked look before noticing her mischievous grin.



“Are you just pulling my leg?” He was surprised by her sense of humor, and pleased by the unexpectedness of it.



Jane covered her mouth and tried not to laugh out loud. “I hope you don’t mind, Tim, but the look on your face was priceless!” She gave in to her laughter and he finally joined her. “They’re just like everyone else, really they are.” She spent the next few minutes talking about the nuns and her favorites like Sister Callista. Then the steak came and she took a few moments to just stare at the beauty of it.



“Okay, so why haven’t you ever eaten steak before?”



“Well, the thing that really isn’t a myth is the vow of poverty. You must give up all of your money to become a nun and so any extra spending cash is very tight. We have funding for certain things, vouchers for lunch for the girls, and clothes. But we survive on donations.” Tim became thoughtful. Had he even given to any of the charities this year? Corrine always took care of those things.



They became quiet as they ate. Jane found the meat to be delicious. She eyed Tim’s huge steak and thought it would be a miracle if he ate that entire thing.



It was a miracle because he ate every scrap. And she did as well. There was no room for desert and it was getting late. Jane asked the time and when he told her it was nearly 7:30 she became anxious. He quickly paid the check and they dashed through the heavy rain for the car.



“What happens if you miss curfew?”



“Well, you aren’t allowed in. You have to wait until the doors open again in the morning.”



“Well that’s stupid. What if there’s an emergency, an accident, a flat tire?”



“It’s considered discipline. By leaving you take on the consequences that you might not be able to get back in.” That had been drilled into each nun from the time that she could remember. Nuns had been locked out before and they always had a good reason for missing curfew. But there were no exceptions made.



Tim drove a little faster. He wasn’t quite sure where the school was and Jane wasn’t very good with the directions but he managed to get her home safely and soundly with seven minutes to spare.



“Thank you Tim. See you tomorrow!” She yelled over her shoulder as she slammed the car door shut and hurried through the rain to the large foreboding building. He watched her until she was safely inside. He could see even through the bad weather that her hair was soaking wet and rain droplets clung to her dark skin. He had a strange urge to rub her dry with one of his huge terry cloth towels and strip her wet clothing off her trembling body.



He chuckled uneasily to himself. He hadn’t had a Catholic school girl fantasy in years and he didn’t want to start them now. He drove home and instead of opening a beer he changed into athletic clothes and hit the treadmill. His knee creaked and his lungs burned and he was dripping in sweat within a mere ten minutes but he hung in there. Tomorrow it would hurt again, and the day after and maybe even the day after that. But soon it would get better. Isn’t that what everybody always said?





CHAPTER 11



Sister Louise gave Jane a stern look as she met the soaking wet girl in the entrance. “We need to have a talk Jane. Please come to my office.”



Jane pursed her lips nervously and followed the sister to the office. She didn’t sit, she never did unless she was invited to. “Yes, Sister? Did I do something wrong?”



“Jane, you’ve really been cutting curfew close lately-”



“I’m sorry Sister. Mr. Singleton and I-”



Sister Louise held up her hand and closed her eyes. “The reasons aren’t important. The frequency of it is.” Jane bit her lip. “The rules are in place for a reason-”



“But I’ve never missed curfew, ever-”



“Jane, let me finish! Please.” Sister cleared her throat as Jane tensed. “The rules I’m referring to are the rules against bringing the outside influences into the school.” She reached into her drawer and withdrew Jane’s books and the Blood Diamond CD, which was merely African music.



Jane gasped and reached for the items, snatching them and holding them protectively against her chest. “You had no right! These are mine!”



“But they are in GOD’S house. So it is you that have no right! You don’t bring the world into god’s house, Jane. You know that.”



Her face twisted into one of frustration. “They are just books! And they are books of poetry! In my hands are,” She pulled them up one by one to show the sister, “The Complete Works of Emily Dickinson, The Complete Collective Poems of Maya Angelou, Robert Frost-”



Sister Louise was shaking her head. “But it’s not allowed, child. I’m not trying to tell you that anything in your hand is bad. I’m trying to tell you that you broke the rules because you rationalized to yourself that because it wasn’t ‘bad’ it was okay. It is NOT okay, Jane! There are rules in place for a reason.”



Jane clutched her books and swallowed back frustrated tears. “Then they are bad rules.”



“Child…that is just a sign that it is time for you to leave.” Jane looked at her quickly and the first tear dropped from her eyes. “If every girl brought their idea of ‘right’ into the school then the lines would blur. When you come and you go you make the girls…”



Jane held her breath.



“You make them restless.”



“I…I don’t want to go.” She finally said and hot tears splashed from her eyes as she hugged her books.



“You have to. This is not a healthy place for you anymore.”



Jane’s stomach began to hurt and she became lightheaded. “Where am I supposed to go?”



“Sister Nicolette said that you can stay with her until you find an apartment. There are also half-way houses-”



Jane’s vision blurred as the first sobs came.



“She’s waiting to take you home with her now.”



“Now?”



“Yes, Jane it’s for the best.” Sister Louise withdrew a large manila folder and slid it across the desk. “These are your documents.” Jane reached for them and clutched them as well. “Jane, I’m so sorry-”



“My name is not JANE!”



Sister Louise stood up and reached out a hand to her. “Child-”



“Do you even know my name?!”



Sister Louise allowed her hand to lower and her brow gathered. “Martier Nufaika Besigye. I’ve never forgotten your name, or the name of any child here.”



“Then why did you give me a name that had no history?!”



Sister Louise’s eyes glistened. “I have 47 young girls to care for. 47. They have no family, or their family left them behind. They are abused, starving, mentally disturbed. All I know to do is…to put those girls in the hands of God.”



Martier wiped her eyes. She would never go by the other name again. She gave Sister Louise one last look. “You were our God.” Then she left.



~***~



Tim felt good again this morning. He whistled as he walked down the corridor, despite the fact that his hamstrings were wire tight and there was a bit of a twinge in his knee.



“Good morning Jane.” She looked up quickly and gave him a strange look.



“Could you please not call me Jane anymore?”



“What?” There was something different about her. Then he realized that it was her eyes. It was as if someone had turned the light off in them. Also the smile that he had become accustomed to seeing was no longer present.



“Jane, come into my office, please.” He waited for her to rise then he led her into the office and shut the door. “ Sit down.” She did as he asked. He hung up his coat, not taking his eyes from her. Was she wearing the same clothes from yesterday? The bottom of her skirt was a bit dark from yesterday’s rain where her rain coat hadn’t quite reached. What the hell…?



“What’s happened?”



She thought about not saying anything but that was impossible. The words came without thought. “When I first came to the school Sister Louise told me that my name was Jane and so…that became my name. She said that Martier sounded like a boy’s name and that…that Besigye was the name of a murderer.”



“Jesus.” Tim sat on the end of his desk in front of her. “She gave you a new name? And your real name is Martier? Besigye…”



Martier nodded quickly.



“Okay…and why are you dressed in yesterday’s clothes? Did something happen?”



Martier rubbed her forehead. She looked tired. “Sister Louise kicked me out.”



“Oh my god. She kicked you out?! You weren’t late! I mean…” He reached for the phone. “What’s her number? I’m going to call that school and get this straightened out…or by god, they will never see another dime of my money!”



Tim already had the phone in his hands but Martier shook her head. “It’s not because of that and I don’t want to go back. I’m staying with Sister Nicolette in her apartment.”



“Why in the world did she kick you out?”



“Because she found the books that I had hidden, and the CD from the movie.”



Tim came to his feet while shaking his head. “Lunacy…Pure LUNACY! You couldn’t even get your clothes?” He asked angrily.



“I was so mad that I ran out with what I had.” She looked around embarrassed. “Sister Nicolette is going to bring my clothes and the rest of my things tonight.”



“Sheesh…Jane-MARTIER, if you need time to get things straightened out-”



“I don’t need to straighten anything out. Sister Louise said that St. Bartholoma wasn’t healthy for me anymore and she was right. I have to sneak and read a book of poetry? Tim, even with headphones I have to listen to the CD with the volume turned down low so that no one will hear the African drums. I can’t wear my jewelry! I’m not allowed to speak my mother tongue…and they don’t want me to remember because as long as I don’t I’m less trouble!” She came to her feet with fire in her eyes.



“They can go to hell!” She hurried into Tim’s bathroom and slammed the door. When she slowly opened it a few minutes later she had splashed her face and she wore a look of shame.



Tim was holding the blue mug filled with coffee. He thrust it to her, his face was red. “Drink this.”



“Okay.” She took a sip. “I’m sorry for…the way I acted.”



He looked uncomfortable. “Why are you apologizing? It wasn’t your fault.” He sighed. “Are you ready to start the day?”



She nodded enthusiastically. “Well you still don’t have your computer. You’ll work in my office again. I want you to contact human resources and let them know to update your name on all documents.”



“I already did that.”



“Good…Martier. And incidentally…that’s a pretty name.” His face warmed as she whispered her thanks.



The morning moved swiftly. Tim wasn’t so busy and was able to teach her to do things the way he liked them done. It wasn’t as uncomfortable as he would have thought; having her in his inner sanctum. His music played softly, and the sound of her steady typing lent a calming backdrop. He had a meeting with the partners and as he left the office and headed to the conference room, he thought about all of the things that had just so recently happened. He thought about her professionalism, her shyness, her recent rage and the way that she had laughed just last night. Lastly he considered the light in her eyes that had dimmed.



She; Martier, was like a landslide. If he still had a wife to go home to, she would say to him, ‘Tim what are you going to do about this girl?’ And he came to a decision.



“Help her, I guess.”



~***~



Martier had no intentions of telling Dhakiya. Her friend still resented Sister Nicolette for slapping her all those years ago. And Sister Nicolette felt the same way. She was actually shocked that of all the nuns that lived on their own it would be Nicolette that would offer to put her up. Though, there were rumors that some led private lives that could never be disclosed to the public, so maybe she shouldn’t be surprised, just thankful that she didn’t have to go running to Dhakiya.



And she had no doubt that her best friend would gladly give her a place to stay, especially in an emergency. The problem wasn’t Dhakiya, but Rodney. There was only one bedroom. She could never share a home with a man; especially one that made her pulse race, and more importantly if that man belonged to the only friend she had in the world. It might be as long as a month before she had the money for a deposit and first month rent. Staying there that long would be unimaginable for a girl that had never even touched a man, let alone lived with one.



She set the phones to forward to voicemail and then she went down to the canteen and grabbed a bag of chips and a soda from the vending machine. She saw Claudette and her friends and joined them. They greeted her enthusiastically.



“And where is your lunch, young lady?” Claudette chided when she saw Martier just munching chips.



“I’m not really hungry.” She said. Actually she only had $21 and wanted to make sure she could stretch it until Friday; payday. Sister Nicolette had given her a key and dropped her off at 7am. She told her that if she wanted to be picked up it wouldn’t be until after eight. Martier had no intentions of sitting here that long! The nun’s small apartment was close to the school…but not close to the bus stop. It would be a long walk home each night. Maybe she should call Dhakiya…



But her friend would insist that she stay with her and she wouldn’t understand her reasons for saying no.



“We saw the commotion yesterday when they escorted Miss THANG out.” The white haired lady said. Her name was Lois. Lois looked like a kindly grandmother but Martier knew that if she didn’t like you she would be a force to be reckoned with. She appeared to be in her late fifties. Like Claudette, she tended to dress more on the casual side but still nice.



“IT took her computer, too.” Claudette added. Martier wondered again how she knew everything that happened around here.



“Did they find anything out of place on it?” She asked curiously figuring that if Claudette knew everything she may as well use it to her benefit.



“Nothing has been said yet, but you mark my words that one is going straight to jail-do-not-pass-go!”



Jane ate the last chip then stared into the bag. She looked at the group of people that had befriended her; all at least 15 years her senior. “Ladies, I wanted to tell you that I won’t be going by the name Jane any longer.”



“Oh….kay.” Lois said while giving her a sidelong look.



“I’ll be using my given name which is Martier.”



“Oh that’s much prettier than Jane.” Diana said. She was Claudette’s age. She wore very nice jewelry and wasn’t quite pretty in the traditional way, but her clothes and styled hair made her so. She liked these ladies even though she had already figured out that these three unassuming women were very powerful figures at the firm.





CHAPTER 12



Jakob walked over to Tim while they waited for the meeting to come to order. “So I suppose Priscilla wasn’t to your liking? I have to say I’m very surprised. The rack on her alone should have piqued your interest.”



Tim gave him a rueful smile. “A warning about her breasts would have been nice. My eyes damn near popped out of my head.”



Jakob laughed quietly. “Elaina’s pretty disappointed. She’s in match-maker mode.”



Tim shook his head seriously. “Tell her to focus her talents on someone else. I intend to become an international playboy.”



“Are you fucking kidding? We can barely get out of Cincinnati.”



The meeting came to order and they discussed various things that Tim barely listened to. They wanted him to take the case of a man accused of abusing a child and he wouldn’t. They wanted him to take on a case involving a hate crime and he and Jakob both scowled at that one.



“We take on some pretty sad clients but do we really want to be the go-to firm for every Neo-Nazi in Kentucky?” Rangbo turned red and the idea was quickly scrapped.



They discussed their annual three day conference in New York and Tim’s head began to ache. The meeting adjourned three hours later and he and Jakob went out for a late lunch.



When he returned Martier was just getting ready to leave for the evening. He liked the way her new name rolled over his tongue and with her exotic beauty it matched her perfectly. It conjured images of her dancing to the beat of wild music with jewels dripping from her limbs.



He cleared his throat. “I see they brought you a computer, so you’ll be in your own cubicle tomorrow.”



“Yes, have you heard if they found anything strange?”



“Not yet.”



“Okay. I’ll see you tomorrow Tim.”



“Martier, I wanted to talk to you about something. Do you have a few moments? I can drive you home, I’m about to leave myself.”



She nodded thankfully. It wasn’t raining today but she was very tired and she just wanted to get back to the apartment, relax and hopefully Sister Nicolette would have some food at home.



She followed him to the car and as soon as her body hit the comfortable leather seats she relaxed.



“I haven’t had dinner yet. Let’s eat and I’ll tell you about what I wanted to discuss. Is that okay?”



She hid a relieved smile. “Yes, that would be fine.”



In fact Tim wasn’t hungry but he just wanted to be doing something while he discussed his proposition with his new secretary. This was a new age and as an attorney he knew very well that what he suggested would skate very close to the lines of impropriety. He’d tried sexual harassment cases over less.



Tim drove them to an upscale diner and he had pie and coffee and she had a burger and fries. “Jane…Martier, sorry, I’m going to have to get used to that—I wanted to talk to you about your…circumstances.”



Jane felt a cold chill run down her back. Oh no…he was going to fire her. She was too much trouble. What was she going to do without this job?!



“I want to help you.”



“You are helping me.” She said nervously.



“Well…Look, I have a guest house. I want to rent it to you.”



She blinked. “What?”



Tim blushed. “It’s small, but it’s completely functional. There’s a kitchen, living room, complete bath with a Jacuzzi tub. It’s already furnished. Corinne’s parents used it before…well they passed away within a year of each other. But it’s very nice.”



Jane looked away nervously. “I-” She shook her head. “I couldn’t do that, Tim.” She met his eyes. “Wouldn’t people say things?”



He shrugged. “Probably.”



“Well…I wouldn’t want to make it tough for you.”



He shrugged again. “But I’m the one asking you, not the other way around.”



She swallowed; her eyes took in the kind man in front of her. And why do you worry about clothes? See how the lilies of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will He not much more clothe you, O you of little faith? Martier smiled. Who was she to toss God’s gifts back into his face? She knew without a doubt that Tim had been place in her life to help her.



“How much is the rent?”



Tim wouldn’t tell her how much he would charge her for rent until she checked it out. She was almost too excited to eat her burger…almost.



“It’s been shut up for a while but I check on it each winter to make sure the pipes are good and I air it out in the summer. You’ll need to give it a cleaning but otherwise, it’s in great condition.”



She took a big bite out of her burger as she listened to him. “Where is it?”



“Oh! It’s behind my house. So, it’s totally separate. There’s a pool…um, when the weather warms. The coup de grace is that you have an instant ride to and from work. And Martier…I know that your current living arrangements…well if you want to move in tonight we can go get your things.”



“Sister Nicolette won’t have my things until after she leaves the school later tonight. I’d expect her shortly after eight.”



Tim checked the time. It was just six thirty. “This is what we’re going to do, I need to go to the grocery story,” he thought about throwing away all of the food over the weekend. “If you help me shop I’ll stock the fridge in the guest house. Is that a deal?”



“Well, I’ll help you grocery shop but I’d like to pay you for anything you buy for the guest house.”



He squinted and thought about it. “We’ll negotiate on that one.” He ordered another cup of coffee and they talked about the city and the weather until Martier finished her dinner. He paid the check and they went to a nearby grocery store.



They had lingered at the grocers, trying to time it so that they would arrive at the nun’s apartment by eight. They were a bit early and waited in the car.



“Tim,” She turned in her seat to face him and her dark eyes were bright. “Thank you for everything.” They had filled his trunk with enough food for the both of them; so much food that she didn’t think it would all fit!



He was clearly uncomfortable as he stammered out some response about it not being any trouble. He thought that if anyone should be thanked it would be Corrine because without her influence he would have never thought to do something like this. And besides, it was worth it to see the light return to her brown eyes.



Thankfully the nun arrived a short time later. She was carrying two over-stuffed shopping bags and Martier hurried to meet her.



“Oh Jane, didn’t the key work?” Martier didn’t correct her about the name. It wasn’t necessary since she planned to move. Sister Nicolette strained to get a look at the car that she had just exited.



“That’s my boss Tim Singleton. He’s going to rent me his guest house.”



“Oh.” Nicolette said softly.



Tim saw Martier wave him forward and he cursed under his breath. He hadn’t planned on being introduced to a nun today. He got out of the car and than joined the two.



“Sister Nicolette this is Attorney Tim Singleton.” She felt proud when she said that, proud because she was his personal assistant. “And Tim this is Sister Nicolette.”



Tim shook her hand while the two scrutinized each other. She didn’t look like a nun. She didn’t wear a nun’s habit or even a big cross. How many nuns might he have passed on a daily basis without ever knowing?



“Guest house, you say?”



“Yes. It’s a fully functioning house behind mine.”



“Is there a telephone?”



“Yes, of course.”



Sister Nicolette thrust the bags into Tim’s hands. “Jane I want you to leave me your telephone number as soon as you get there. Come on upstairs and you can get the rest of your things while Mr. Singleton puts those bags in the car.”



“Yes, Ma’ame.”



Tim got the impression that Sister Nicolette didn’t really trust him. He wasn’t bothered by that, he would have hoped that someone cared enough about the young girl to worry about such things. After all, she’d been tossed out of the only home that she knew and tossed out by nuns. That sickened him.



Jane followed Nicolette up the stairs while indicating to Tim that she would be just one moment. When they were inside of the apartment Nicolette gave her a stern look. “Jane I highly advise against doing this.”



“Why?”



“Has that man coerced you in any way?”



“No!” Martier was surprised by the question. Sister Nicolette hung up her jacket and placed her hands on her hips as she searched Martier’s face.



“He’s never touched you has he?”



“No. It’s not like that.”



“And you’re not in love with him are you?”



“What?” What was with that crazy question?



But Nicolette just looked at her closely and at some point she seemed satisfied and moved into the living room where Martier had slept on the couch.



“Sister Nicolette you’ve been so kind to me.” Martier gathered her things. “I don’t know how to thank you.”



“You don’t have to leave, child. You can stay here until you get on your feet.”



“This…actually is getting on my feet. It’s my own place and I pay rent and I don’t have to rely on your kindness.”



Nicolette’s eyes lingered on the young woman. “You don’t know what the world is like. Out there men seem innocent but they desire you. I just don’t want you to feel as if you owe him anything.” Nicolette sighed. “You’re so innocent, Jane.”



Martier watched her silently and then leaned forward and placed a kiss on her cheek. “I’ll call you as soon as I get to the house.” She headed out the door and paused to place the key onto the nearby bookshelf.



As she walked down the stairs Martier finally understood why Nicolette had asked her to stay with her. Tim opened the door for her and she got settled. He glanced at the books on her lap. He reached for one, then the others. He stared at her in disbelief.



“Poems? These are the books that you were kicked out over?!”



Martier chewed her lip thoughtfully. “I suppose that would be Sister Louise’s response should she be asked.”



Tim knew there was more to that answer but he didn’t pursue it as he drove in silence to what had now become their home.





CHAPTER 13



Jane peered out the window as they drove through the upscale area. The houses were all very big, many of them with gates in front. She resisted the urge to ooh and ahh. Tim watched her excitement. She didn’t hide her emotions well. He could tell that she was impressed by the neighborhood and he felt a smile tugging at his lips.



Finally the car slowed and they turned down a long driveway. The house at the end of the driveway was breathtaking. It was big but not as big as some. It felt like a cottage because of the stone and whitewash. She knew nothing about architecture but there was something more homey about it vs. grandiose. She instantly liked it best of all!



He continued, pulling around back and down a gravel drive until they reached a true to life cottage nestled between several large trees. Martier gave him a surprised look. He wanted to rent this to her? But it was beautiful! It was a house…well she knew that, but it was a HOUSE.



“Let’s unload your groceries.” He said. She got out of the car in a panic. How could she afford this? But she already loved it and she hadn’t even been inside. She loved it!



Tim popped the trunk of the car and because he had kept her groceries mostly to one side so they made quick work of getting her things inside.



“Be careful. One of the stones is becoming loose on the stairs.” He would come out as soon as there was no more threat of rain and lay out more mortar. Jane stared at the flagstone walkway that led to three stone stairs. It was so pretty.



Tim struggled with the key but got the door unlocked and he quickly turned on several lights by the entrance. Now the outside was illuminated. Martier gasped when the lights came on inside. She stood there at the entrance as her eyes took everything in.



Heavy sheets covered the majority of the furniture. The room was open concept and there was a loft. There was a fireplace! Tim led her to the kitchen and she followed staring at everything like a kid in a candy store. The kitchen was simple yet rich with upscale appliances in a metal finish. He opened the refrigerator and tossed out the only thing in it; an opened carton of baking soda.



They quickly got everything put away while Tim commented about wiping out the cabinets when she got a chance. He led her up the stairs to the loft and she followed him into the bathroom where he placed the bag containing bathroom items on a tan marble counter. There was a separate shower and Jacuzzi tub. She was speechless.



Tim quickly pulled the sheets off the furniture in the bedroom that had served as dust covers and Martier was amazed at the beauty of the room. His wife had decorated this space. She had no doubt. It was perfect. Tim held the sheets balled in his hands.



“So…what do you think?”



She opened and closed her mouth. “I think…it’s wonderful.”



He led her back downstairs and began to uncover the rest of the furniture. Martier helped and when it was all revealed she shook her head in disbelief.



“Tim…this is beautiful.” She gave him an honest look. “Can I afford this?”



He wrinkled his nose and hid a smile. “I think so. I’ll get your bags and you look around.” She did just that and remembered to call Sister Nicolette when she saw the phone. She was still talking to her when Tim returned with the shopping bags. He couldn’t imagine someone’s lifelong belonging fitting into just two shopping bags. He carried them upstairs for her while she finished up with her conversation.



He went back downstairs as she stared at everything as if she was a tourist in a strange land. He found it endearing. “I keep the cleaning supplies here.” He opened a small pantry and a mouse scurried out. Martier screamed and the next second was standing on a bar stool—in serious danger of doing more harm to herself by toppling off it then the scared little mouse ever could. He quickly grabbed the broom and slapped it, stunning the little rodent. He picked it up by the tail.



“Is it dead? Don’t kill it!” She said while still perched on the barstool.



“Okay…what should I do with it?”



“Can you take it outside?”



“It will probably just come right back in.”



She climbed down from the barstool carefully. Then she tipped over to the tiny mouse suspended by its tail. It had awakened and was running in place with tiny little feet. “It’s so cute.” She grinned and held out her hands for it.



Surprised he offered it to her. She flinched at the last minute. “Do they bite?”



Tim looked at the harmless little thing. “I doubt if it could bite hard.” He finally dropped it into her open hands. Immediately the mouse ran up her arm and Martier screamed again and shook it loose until it landed on the floor. Tim slapped it with the broom again and quickly picked it up.



“Okay, at this point we’re just torturing the poor thing. Kill it or take it outside?”



“Outside. Far from the house.” When he got outside he laughed to himself. She really had made an attempt to be brave about it. But if it came back into the house she would probably break her neck trying to get away from it. When he was close to the forest he looked around to make sure she hadn’t followed him, and then he stepped on it.



He made sure the bottom of his shoe was clean and then went back to the small house. Martier already had the cleaning supplies out and had begun wiping down the kitchen. She paused and gave him a concerned look. He briefly wondered if she had seen what he had done but she again asked about the rent.



Again he avoided the question. “Can you help me bring in my groceries? And I’ll get you a set of keys.”



“Sure Tim.”



They got back into the car and Tim told her the code for the garage as he drove inside. There was a second car already parked there; a black Range Rover as well as a motorcycle. They entered through the kitchen and Martier took in the luxurious room. It wasn’t like the cottage; which is what she had come to think of it. This was very fancy yet tasteful. She helped him put things into the refrigerator and he went back out to the car for the last few items.



“I’ll show you around.” She was happy that he offered. She was curious about her boss, but also intrigued by the beautiful house. He was obviously wealthy, as if being a partner in a law firm hadn’t tipped her off to that. But the way his home was decorated told her more. He had fine pieces of art—well she assumed they were fine though she had nothing to gauge that by, other than how they made her feel. And they made her feel as if she had never been around anything nice in her life.



When they got upstairs he opened the door to each bedroom, including his own and stood in the hall as she looked inside. He had a lot of bedrooms. His bedroom was neat but like the entire house it needed dusting and vacuuming.



“You have a beautiful home, Tim.”



“Thank you. It’s much too big for me but…” His eyes fell onto a picture of a pretty blonde woman that sat on a small table in the large hall. Martier nodded in understanding. He cleared his throat. “Well, I could use some help with keeping this place in order. If you would come by once a week and dust, maybe run the vacuum and…cook something every once in a while, I’d let you stay in the guest house at cost. You’d just pay your utilities and it’s never much.” She looked around. “Or I could charge you a fair rent and if you’d consider helping me out with the house I’d pay you for your services-” He was blushing at his offer. Who was he to ask her to do domestic work for him?



“No, I wouldn’t want you to give me a dime more than you already have!” She reached out her hand for him to shake. “I think we have a deal.”



He took her hand and shook it, surprised at her firm grip. “Are you sure? Because I don’t want you to feel that you have to-”



She shook her head. “I WANT to live in the cottage. And…” She ran her finger across the small table and collected quite a bit of dust. “This place really could use a good cleaning. Once that’s done it won’t be anything to keep it neat.”



The redness in his face deepened as he nodded. “Martier…also…” He hesitated.



“What Tim?”



He took a deep breath and went into his bedroom. He headed for one of two huge walk-in closets. Martier wasn’t going to follow at first, but once he turned on the light in the huge space she was compelled to come forward and look. It was his wife’s closet, and it seemed that nothing had been removed. He had kept all of her clothes.



When she looked at him he was beet red. “I need to get…donate these clothes. I want you to go through them and take anything that you want. My wife-” He cleared his throat, “she was very slender but not as tall. I don’t think any of the pants will fit properly but you should be able to wear many of the skirts and some of the shorter sleeved blouses.”



Jane’s brow gathered. “Tim, won’t it…bother you to see me wearing your wife’s things?”



He rubbed his chin. He had considered that but didn’t think that would be the case. “The reason I never donated her clothes is because…I didn’t think anyone would appreciate the time and effort that it took Corinne to purchase many of these things.” But it wasn’t just that.



One summer they had taken a trip to California to visit her parents. They had just left a wine tasting in Sonoma and Corinne saw an open-air market and had to stop. Her cheeks were rosy from the wine and the breeze flowed through her hair and when she held up a scarf and said, ‘Timmie, should I get this?’ his breath had caught in his chest at her beauty. He told her to definitely buy it.



There were so many such moments kept alive only by his memories…and of course the items themselves. How could anyone else appreciate that?



He looked at Martier. “But I now know that people appreciate what they need. Someone can make better use of her things than I ever can by keeping them closed up here.” He looked around at everything. “You would honor her by using what you need,” he whispered. “Pardon me.” He left her in the room and she saw him go to an adjoining bathroom that she hadn’t noticed.



She sighed sadly. Though he might not really show it, she knew that this was a hard step for him. She fingered some of the fine, rich material. She would take what she needed and help Tim donate the rest. Bartholoma didn’t have a need for suits and fancy evening gowns but they did get money from consignment. This would bring them well needed money. She didn’t know why she still considered her school at all after what had transpired, but she did. It was more for the young girls that lived there than anyone else.



Tim returned a few moments later and he had pulled himself together. This was hard but knowing that Martier would take them made him feel better. He waited while she selected several items to try on later back at the cottage, and he pointed out certain other items that he thought would fit her nicely. Unfortunately the shoes would not work, they were much too small for her larger feet. She would have to switch to her everyday shoes until she could do better. They were just loafers but she really didn’t have a choice.



It was getting late and both were tired. He got her the spare keys and instructed her to be ready to leave promptly at 7:30 am. They made Saturday plans to collect the clothes she couldn’t use and take them to St. Bartholoma’s who would sale them for consignment.



She thanked him again at the backdoor and wouldn’t allow him to walk her back to the cottage so he stood at the window and watched until she was inside. He was tired but hit the treadmill. If he began making excuses he would always make them. He ran for half an hour than showered. In bed that night he had a hard time sleeping. He remembered something Martier had said. ‘…the name of a murderer.’ Besigye…She had also mentioned that she didn’t remember; that they didn’t want her to remember. If she had come to the convent at the age of six, as she said, than why didn’t she remember?



He rolled over and tried to sleep.



~***~



Thank God it was Friday! Tim would be on a conference call for most of the morning and had given Martier money to buy them lunch from a nearby deli. He wrote down exactly what he wanted and she told him that she knew how to get to the little deli because it was on route with her bus stop.



The day was great and the sun was shining and it had warmed up nicely. Martier drew on her new jacket that matched the skirt, which covered her new grey silk blouse. She was just getting ready to get on the elevator when Claudette waved at her from across the room. She waved back with a happy smile and the older woman gestured for her to wait. Claudette did a few things on her computer and grabbed her purse and hurried to the elevator.



“Look at you!” She leaned forward and whispered. “You look great.”



Martier grinned. “Thank you.” While Corinne hadn’t been nearly as tall as she was, the clothes were so classic that they looked good on her as well…just shorter. There were many sleeveless items that were meant to be covered by jackets but which looked just as good without them. She knew that she could make some alterations and had decided that she could make use of many of Corrine’s clothes.



“Where are you off to?” Claudette asked.



“Tim’s going to be on a conference call for several hours and he’s sending me to pick up lunch.”



“May I join you?”



“That would be nice,” she said happily and they left the building together.



Claudette cleared her throat. “Martier…um…”



“What?” Martier stopped walking and looked at her new friend nervously. “Is something wrong?”



“Only those shoes. Sugar you cannot wear a five thousand dollar Chanel suit with penny loafers.”



Jane gasped and blinked her eyes. “Oh my goodness…” Did she say five THOUSAND?!



“Yes.” Claudette said. “Corrine didn’t buy off the rack, honey. I’m assuming that’s one of hers?”



Martier nodded, still too stunned to speak. Distraught she decided to confide in her friend. “Claudette, I don’t have the money to buy shoes. These are the only ones I have.” She would never be able to afford these clothes. It was insane that she would be wearing five thousand dollars worth of clothes!



Claudette smiled. “Come on dear. We’re going shopping.”



“But I don’t-”



“-have money. I know. Consider this a loan. You’ll pay me back one hundred dollars each pay period until it’s paid off.”



Martier almost choked. “How many hundreds will that be Claudette?”



Claudette just chuckled and took charge, dragging Martier to Macy’s department store. “Can you walk in heels?”



“I’ve never tried.”



If that surprised Claudette she didn’t show it. “I saw some fabulous Marc Jacobs flats. But they were six hundred and forty dollars.” Martier gasped.



“Can we get something cheaper?”



“Shhh.” She said suddenly. “Don’t use the C word in this store!” Then she gave her a smile, letting her know that she was only kidding. “Don’t worry, hon. I’m going to show you how to find a deal on shoes!”



Claudette was like a whirlwind. They went to the shoe department and straight to a sign that said Nine West. When the sales lady came to help them she had her measure Martier’s feet even though she could have told her what size she wore.



“Size 11.”



“Wow.” Claudette said. “Are you six feet tall?”



Martier nodded shyly.



“Hmmm.” Claudette squinted one eye. Then she selected a very nice pointy toe shoe with a short heel. She had Martier walk in them and she nodded her approval. Then without asking whether or not she even liked them Claudette charged three pairs; one in taupe, one in black and one in navy. As they headed out of the shoe department Claudette exclaimed that they were on sale for seventy-nine dollars each and Martier did the calculation quickly including tax.



However Claudette wasn’t finished. “What type of nylons?”



“Um…”



“Thigh highs or pantyhose?”



“Pantyhose I guess.” Three pairs of pantyhose came to fifty-five dollars.



When they left Macy’s, Martier had a full shopping bag and she wasn’t quite sure how it all had transpired, only that she was happy that one of them knew what they were doing.



Before they headed for the deli, Claudette made her take off the loafers and put on a pair of her new shoes. She did and as they walked down the street Martier truly felt like a new woman. She smiled proudly.



When she got back to the office she placed her bags in her cubby and quickly carried Tim’s lunch into his office. He had his jacket thrown over the back of his chair and was contemplating the ceiling as he leaned back in his chair listening intently to someone speaking over the speaker phone.



“…I really think we should rethink taking on several of the cases that were turned down by you and the other partners. I even understand your reasoning. But they were high profile cases and I know we would have been successful at them.”



“Ken,” Tim said. “You’re a good attorney but you’re just starting out in your career. I know you’re hungry. I was too at your age. I’ll re-think the Tobiason case and bring it…”



Tim’s words faltered as Martier quickly placed his lunch on his desk. He’d seen her wearing the suit when she had brought him coffee. But he’d also seen her sad looking shoes and had been distracted from how good the suit fit her. But now she was wearing new shoes and somehow he could take in everything in a way that he hadn’t before.



“Tim?”



“Oh! Yes, Ken…the Tobiason case. I’ll bring it up to the partner’s and you can decide if it’s really what you want.” He glanced at her as she left his office then quickly consulted his notes. “Okay, Lloyd, I’m assigning you the Hendrix case…”



Martier went down to the canteen for iced tea. She’d seen Tim purchase the bottled beverage the night before and decided to bring him back one as well.



“Excuse me.”



She turned and a man wearing a very nice suit and tie was staring at her. He seemed confused or alarmed. “Yes? Can I help you?” She gave him a helpful look.



“Wow…I’m so sorry for staring. I—my name is Karl.” He held out his hand. “Karl French.” Martier took the offered hand, shaking it firmly.



“Martier Besigye.”



“Your accent…African?”



She smiled. Was he…flirting with her? He wasn’t very tall, maybe even an inch or so shorter than she was. But he was very handsome. He was African American with a light brown skin tone and hair that was very short and tapered down to nothing in the back and sides. He had a slight goatee and big arms as if he worked out.



“Yes, African.”



He stared at her and then seemed to shake himself out of a trance. “I’m sorry. I’m an attorney here…I don’t recall ever seeing you before...”



“I’m new actually. I’m assistant to Tim Singleton.”



His brow went up. “Oh? A partner? Quite a coup.” She didn’t know what he meant by that but she smiled anyway. “Martier…is it okay if I call you that?” She nodded. “I was wondering if I could take you out to lunch?”



“Well, I-” she stuttered in alarm at the invitation, “I already have my lunch-”



“Not today!” He said quickly. “Maybe next Friday?”



“Well,” she chewed her lip. “My lunch is based on Tim’s schedule-”



“Then dinner?”



“I…don’t know.” She smiled shyly. “I’ll think about it.” She turned to leave. “Nice to meet you.”



“You too Martier. Please think about it, okay? You can find me in the directory; Karl French.”



She smiled all the way back to her workstation. She knocked once on Tim’s door, he was still on his conference call, and she placed his iced tea on his desk. He had just taken a bite of his corned beef sandwich and a spot of mustard appeared on the side of his mouth.



He gave her a quick smile of thanks for the iced tea, and she smiled back wondering how long before he realized that he had mustard smeared on his face. He was so cute. She closed the door and went back to work.





CHAPTER 14



The conference call had taken an ungodly amount of time. After he used the restroom he sent emails highlighting the key points to each of the partners. Afterwards he decided to do some of the research that had been on his mind since finding out that Martier had been a survivor of events that happened in Rwanda.



He pulled up information on the computer about the Rwanda genocide. In just over a three month period more than 800,000 Rwandans were killed. It began in April of 1994 when President Juvenal Habyarimana’s plane was shot down. Tutsi extremists were blamed but know one knew for sure. Factor into that a long standing feud between the two groups which resulted in the violent uprising and the mass murder of the Tutsi people.



Tim rubbed his face, he remembered when this was going on, the almost disbelief that it was happening in this day and age…and the pictures. That’s when Corrine began helping the survivors there. She found St Bartholoma because they were bringing orphaned children back to the states and trying to get them placed in homes.



They had stopped trying to have a baby by that time and Tim was reluctant to adopt because of his career but they had discussed fostering a child—not just from Rwanda but from half a dozen other locations that had suffered tragedies around the globe.



Tim sighed and continued his research. Soldiers and police officers encouraged ordinary citizens to take part. In most cases, Hutu civilians were forced to murder their Tutsi neighbors by military personnel. Tim remembered the horrendous stories of neighbors killing each other, children forced to take up arms, killing with machetes because that was sometimes all they had…



In July the Tutsi’s captured Kigali and millions of Hutu’s fled to the Republic of Congo and that’s when the arrests began and many were implicated in the massacre. Tim wondered if that is what happened to Martier’s father. Had he been an instigator—had he been forced to kill? And if Martier’s father was Hutu, then why had his family been killed?



There was a brief knock at the door and Tim quickly minimized the screen. Martier poked her head in. “Tim I was wondering…about my pay-”



“Oh! I’m so sorry. I hope you don’t mind but I assumed you wouldn’t want it mailed so I arranged for it to be sent to Human Resources. They should have it down there by now. You may want to consider direct deposit, otherwise your checks will be mailed and you won’t get it until the following Monday.”



Martier’s eyes had lit up. “Do you care if I run down and get it now?!” He suppressed a smile.



“Go ahead. Our credit union is on the same floor. You might want to look into joining.”



She nodded enthusiastically then dashed out of the office. He logged out deciding to call it a day. It was Friday and no one should work late on a Friday. Maybe Martier might want to have dinner…maybe he shouldn’t ask. No. He wouldn’t ask.



~***~



Martier was sitting curled up on her couch. It was the most comfortable couch in the history of mankind. Of course anyone that could afford five thousand plus dollars on a skirt would spare no expense on their sofa. Unfortunately she couldn’t much enjoy it as she was tense and squeezing the phone in her fist listening to her best friend going ballistic.



“You’re living with your boss?! Martier, why didn’t you call me? I’d have wiped the floor up with that heffa! I still might do it. How could she do that to you?! After she promised-”



“Sis, but it worked out better than I could have ever wished-”



“Nooooo. You’re living with your boss-”



“Hardly. He lives in a house that’s eight times the size of this one.” She was suddenly happy that she hadn’t told her friend that she would clean Tim’s house in exchange for the rent. “Besides, I’m telling you this because I was hoping that you’d want to come over and see it before Rodney gets off work.”



Dhakiya didn’t speak. Then she sniffed. “Okay. Tell me how to get there.” Ha! She knew her curiosity would outweigh her skepticism. And once she saw this place she would understand why she’d had to jump at it.



Dhakiya had arrived within half an hour, barely giving Jane enough time to slip out of Corinne’s clothes and back into her own. Dhakiya would definitely not get that. She heard the car pull into the back and Martier hurried outside. Her friend just stared wide-eyed at everything and was too awestruck to even pretend to hold on to her anger. And she hadn’t even gone into the house yet!



“He’s rich.” Dhakiya whispered.



“Very.”



Dhakiya nodded in something like understanding. “Rich whites like to help poor blacks.” Martier didn’t know about that, but if Dhakiya said it then it was probably true. Before ushering her friend inside she pointed out some things; the pool and a garden that she planned to revitalize when she got the chance. Right now it was overgrown and in sorry condition. Then she led her friend inside and they spent fifteen minutes just going ooh and ahh together.



“This is so much larger than mine!” Dhakiya’s eyes were big. “Sis…this is very nice. And you’re not lying to me. You don’t have to do anything bad with him, do you?”



Martier hugged her friend merrily. “Do I act as if I have to do something bad?”



They sat down over iced tea and Martier filled her friend in on the goings on at work. “It’s crazy, but I tell you that is how it is in the real world. The people you work with are insane!” Dhakiya commented.



She left a while later, as the sun had gone down. Martier watched her drive away and she stared at the large house. The lights were dark inside. Tim must be out. She wondered curiously what he did on Fridays and if he had found a lady friend. No one should be alone. She rubbed her arms and shut the door.



~***~



After dropping Martier off at the cottage, Tim couldn’t stand the idea of spending a beautiful Friday cooped up inside his house. He changed into jeans and a polo shirt and headed for Kentucky. The Madd Crab was a local redneck bar and he remembered that the cheap beer was plentiful and the karaoke on Friday was entertaining. Best of all is that no one there knew about Corrine and offered him condolences or sympathetic looks. Second best thing is that he’d only gotten drunk there once.



He sat at the bar and listened to music and when the beer was going down good he began to chat with the bartender; a mullet wearing ex-biker. They traded stories about their bikes; Tim was a Harley guy but admitted that he had thought about getting a Ducati and racing. Well…that was long ago, another lifetime, it seemed.



Someone asked him to dance, he thought it was a woman; they had breasts but he remembered thinking that he wasn’t sure. But what the hell; the beer had gone down smooth and he danced or shuffled with the person.



“I love you, honey.” He slurred at one point.



“Mhm.” The other person said, nearly as drunk as him.



“Hey Buddy. Do you need a cab?” And Tim opened his eyes and realized that he had fallen asleep with his chin on his chest. Damn…he hadn’t done that in months.



“Jakob.” He slurred.



The bartender cocked an eye at him. “Jakob. Do you need a cab?” It took him a full minute to explain that he would call his friend Jakob and by that time the bartender had just taken the cell phone from him and located Jakob on speed dial.



Tim was staring into a glass of water and trying to determine whether he should drink it before or after; he spewed his guts that is, when Jakob sat down beside him.



“I thought that we weren’t going to do this anymore,” he said quietly.



It was a long time before Tim answered. “At what point are you going to stop coming?”



“Are you all paid up here?” When his only response was a shrug Jakob spoke quietly to the bartender and then the two left together. Tim fished in his pocket for his keys and handed them to his friend. “Do you know where you parked?” Tim shook his head. And so began the process of searching for the car. Once located the two friends drove in silence.



“Sorry.” Tim finally said. “Tell Elaina I’m sorry for getting you out of bed.”



“Elaina doesn’t mind, Tim. I don’t mind. The only thing I care about is that this has been going on for nearly a year.”



Tim was staring out the window. “I can’t do this now. I’m too freaking drunk to do this now, Jakob.”



Jakob’s eyes narrowed for the first time. “But we will do this, Tim, not now. But yeah, we will do this.”



He got his friend home and to the restroom where he finally spewed his guts. Once Tim was passed out, but safely in his own bed, Jakob climbed into his car and headed back home.





CHAPTER 15



Martier got up bright and early, even before the sun had risen. She could have lingered in the comfortable bed but there was so much to do today and she was excited. She ran a bath in the Jacuzzi tub and read Emily Dickenson until her toes puckered. Then she wrapped a huge terry cloth towel around her body and rubbed hair cream into her hair while it was still wet, allowing it to dry naturally. To put a blow dryer to her hair would cause it to draw up like a lion’s mane.



Then she got dressed in jeans and a shirt; both items that she had long ago dug out of the donation bin at school. Most females weren’t six feet tall and so whenever Martier came upon slacks that actually reached her ankles she became excited and took care with them. She had actually never purchased an item of clothing for herself; she had never needed to. But now she took pleasure in the idea of having her own money to do just that.



She made a quick breakfast of scrambled eggs and toast—repeatedly opening and closing the refrigerator and marveling that the food was all hers to eat any time that she wanted. After breakfast Martier grabbed her set of keys and went out to explore the grounds. She had looked forward to Saturday so that she could explore the forgotten garden. It was choked with weeds but she could still see the vegetation that sprouted; beautiful tomatoes were growing wildly as well as strawberries. She wished she had gardening tools with her now and planned to ask Tim about it later. She poked around and found zucchini and squash, cucumbers, peppers and three different varieties of tomato. There might be more that just hadn’t revealed itself yet. It made her excited and she picked several of the tomatoes and cucumbers.



Then she looked at the pool area. There was a Jacuzzi within the stone pool. There was an outdoor fire pit with plenty of room to entertain several people. She saw a shed and assumed that one of the keys in her possession would unlock it. Martier walked the grounds, front and back amazed at the privacy. She couldn’t really see any of the neighboring homes due to the many mature trees and careful landscaping.



She checked the time and noted that it was just after eight and wondered if Tim was up and about yet. She knocked on the back kitchen door, and listened for sounds. Not hearing any she went back to the small cottage and listened to the CD that Dhakiya had given her. With a smile she turned up the volume a bit so that it could be heard throughout the entire house. Then she curled up on the couch and relaxed with her books.



At about ten o’clock Martier decided she would get started on cleaning. Her hair was dry and she pulled it up into a ponytail and went up to the kitchen door again. This time when she knocked and didn’t get a response she used her key to let herself in.



“Tim?” She called out. She opened the door to the garage and saw that his car was there. Martier decided to start a pot of coffee. He’d want it. He drank nearly a pot of it just by himself every day. She decided to start cleaning the kitchen. The floor was in need of a good mopping.



She located cleaning supplies in the pantry. There weren’t any dishes so she wiped everything down and mopped the floor. The house was so quiet. It was late in the morning and she decided that she had better find Tim and determine if it was okay for her to clean the rest of the house. As she went up the stairs she began to worry that he might not be alone.



After all, he was a single man. She had used a key to get in. He didn’t know she was here. This was a recipe for disaster. She turned to head back down the stairs when she heard the toilet flush from his attached bathroom. She decided to stand at the bottom of the stairs and let him know that she was here.



“Tim? It’s Martier.” After a moment Tim’s bedroom door opened and he shuffled to the top of the stairs and peered down at her. He was dressed in jeans and a shirt but they looked as if he had slept in them. He rubbed his face, his hair had fallen into his eyes and he rubbed his hands through it.



“Coffee.”



She jumped. He looked horrible. “Sure I’ll get you some.” She hurried back to the kitchen and located a mug. She poured the coffee and turned and he was standing right there. She yelped and almost spilled it.



Tim grimaced and took the coffee out of her hands. He sat down at the breakfast bar, took a sip and then propped his elbows on the bar and proceeded to hold his head in his hands.



Martier wrinkled her nose. He smelled like beer. No, he smelled like LOTS of beer. “I was just going to start cleaning but I can come back…”



Tim looked up as if he was surprised to see her. He looked around the neat kitchen. “No. It’s fine. Just…don’t turn on the vacuum cleaner.”



“Do you want me to make you some breakfast? Eggs?”



He grimaced again. “No. No eggs.” He stood up with his coffee. “I’m going to get cleaned up. You don’t have to touch my room or my bathroom. I’ll take care of that myself.” He’d left a bit of a mess in there last night. “Then…I suppose we should go through the walk-in closet and get things sorted.”



Once he had disappeared back up the stairs, Martier’s brow gathered. She hoped that he wasn’t a drinker. She didn’t know from personal experience but just hoped that it wasn’t that way with Tim. When he returned he had changed into khaki slacks and a fresh polo shirt. Her eyes lingered on his large frame. Out of his formal suit he was indeed every bit as well muscled as she had imagined. Tim was very broad in the shoulders and even though he had a bit of a belly, his back narrowed into a nicely formed V.



He looked around. “It looks much better in here. Thank you.” She had just finished the dusting and had actually enjoyed running a cloth over the pretty furniture and watching the layers of dust disappear.



“You have a beautiful home. I didn’t mind it at all.”



Tim was watching her. Her hair was very long. It was pulled into a ponytail that fell into spiral curls down to her shoulder blades. Her face was different, prettier somehow. Maybe because she wasn’t dressed awkwardly in clothes that she wasn’t comfortable wearing or that did little to compliment her body. She had curves that he’d never seen and it surprised him. He met her eyes quickly.



“Ready to get started?”



“Sure.” He had boxes in the garage and she helped him carry them up. His bedroom had been recently cleaned and Jane noted that his bed was neatly made. In Corrine’s closet, Jane glanced at him trying to gauge how difficult this would be for him, yet his face was expressionless. She decided that she would make it as quick and as painless as possible. Still it took over an hour.



“Some of these still have price tags.” He said quietly. She’d noticed that and wondered if he realized just how much this was all worth.



“Tim?” He looked at her. “Are you sure that you want to donate these. I understand that…there is a lot of monetary value and you could sale them directly-”



Tim shook his head. “You said the girls would need the help and that’s what Corrine would want.”



“And then there is the tax write-off.” She said simply.



“Yes. I’ll have to remember to keep the receipt for that.”



And then Martier knew; Tim and Corrine had not done it for the tax write-off. This time when she watched him it was with complete respect and admiration. They got the items packed; bags and shoes and clothes in boxes as tall as her waist. By comparison, the things that she would keep were piled on Tim’s bed and were but a pitiful few. They had to load everything into the truck because it would be impossible to fit in the Cadillac.



Tim found that as shitty as he had felt this morning, the act of touching Corrine’s possessions and putting them into the boxes had been more like therapy. Each time it began to get difficult he would remind himself that Corrine would have wanted this and it became easy. He wished Martier could have used more things and had tried to point out bags with fancy names like Fendi or Louis Vuitton. She didn’t seem to know or care about names but kept more than she wanted, he thought, just to quiet him. He was secretly glad when she kept the Bottega Veneta because he remembered Corrine being especially excited about it even though he didn’t think any bag should be worth seven grand. But she had her own money to do with as she pleased and if she wanted a seven thousand dollar bag then she bought a seven thousand dollar bag.



They had been fairly quiet but he noted that Martier seemed even more so as they drove to St. Bartholoma.



“Martier.” She turned to him. “You can stay in the car if you want. I can take care of-”



“No, I think I’d like to say goodbye to some of the sisters and the little ones.” She had never liked when an aspirant had been there one day only to disappear and never return without even a goodbye. She lifted her chin. “Besides, I didn’t do anything wrong. I’m not afraid to show my face.”



Tim smiled. It was the first time he’d done so this horrible day. They arrived at St. Bartholoma and Martier instructed him to pull around back where deliveries were dropped off.



She rang the buzzer and after a moment a tinny voice could be heard. “Jane? Jane!”



The door opened and a small woman rushed at the tall girl, hugging her about her waist and looking up as if she was peering at a giant. Martier was grinning broadly.



“Sister Mary!” Otherwise known as Sister Short Mary. She hugged her back, finding it difficult to let her go.



“Come in come in! Why are you coming through the back?” She looked at Tim and hesitated.



“Sister Mary I came around back because I needed to make a delivery.” She gestured to Tim. “This is my boss Mr. Singleton and he has boxes of clothes to drop off for consignment.”



Sister Mary smiled and offered her hand. “The attorney. Yes, thank you so much Mr. Singleton. Come inside, your truck will be fine.” She ushered them inside a short hall and Martier could smell lunch cooking. She peeked her head into the kitchen and saw some of the older girls finishing up with the food preparation. Several of them squealed upon seeing her and rushed to greet her with hugs.



Tim stood back and watched as Martier greeted the girls enthusiastically, seeming to become like a big sister that had returned from college. He couldn’t stop the smile on his face. They looked at him with open curiosity until Sister Mary shooed them back into the kitchen and led him and Martier down the corridor.



The short woman slowed her footsteps and leaned towards Martier. “We didn’t agree with Sister Louise’ decision. Sister Callista formed a protest and has moved out of the convent.” Martier’s hands flew to her mouth. “She is just living outside but returns daily. She is staying with Nicolette.”



So it wasn’t a conspiracy. Martier had wondered if Sister Callista had gone through her things and shown them to Sister Louise in order to get her put out. It had hurt her to even wonder that because she loved rooming with Callista who never made demands and who kept to herself.



Sister Mary knocked on a door and Tim watched as Martier’s entire demeanor changed. Her shoulders dropped and she nervously began to wring her hands. He wanted to reach out and take her hands and calm them. He had no intentions of having whomever was behind that door intimidate this poor girl. She was as good as any that he’d ever met and didn’t deserve to be made to feel bad about anything she’d done.



A cold look of dislike crossed his face before he remembered to smooth it away. A voice could be heard inviting them in and Sister Mary opened after giving Martier an encouraging smile. She led them inside.



“Sister. Jane and a Mr. Singleton have brought several boxes of donations for consignment.” A short, plump Italian woman stood, looking from Martier to Tim before she smiled and came forward.



“Martier, you’re looking well. And Mr. Singleton, it’s nice to meet you, sir. Please come in. You may go Sister Mary.”



Tim could tell that the other woman was reluctant to leave. But she did with a small departing smile.



Martier’s chin had risen and she cleared her throat. “Mr. Singleton wanted to donate some clothing. They are very expensive and designer items so I suggested he donate them for consignment. I’ve done some research and have located several in the area that accept upscale items.” She named them quickly, rattling off the information as if she couldn’t stop speaking so she forced herself to stop speaking.



Tim noted that the nun was watching her steadily a sad expression in her eyes before she caught herself and forced a smile. She looked at him and he found it hard to dislike her. There was just something about her that didn’t come off as if she didn’t like this girl. Tim almost thought that she seemed happy to see her.



“Mr. Singleton did you have a value in mind?”



“Well it will far exceed five thousand. I assume that once you sell them for consignment you will send me a receipt for the value along with a copy of the sales slip from the store.” He knew that the IRS would accept that as a formal appraisal.



“Certainly.” She moved to her desk and put on her glasses as she went through her Rolodex. “Is your mailing information still current Mr. Singleton?” She read what she had and he confirmed it. She drew in a slow breath.



“So how have you been, Martier? I hear that you’ve found your own place…near Mr. Singleton.”



A shadow fell over Martier’s face. She made it seem dirty or wrong, like she made everything seem. “I have my own place thanks to Mr. Singleton who agreed to rent me his guest house.” She stared at the only mother she could remember. “I heard Sister Callista moved out.”



Sister Louise’s brow moved up and she looked down at her hands. “There seems to be a lot of gossip flowing.”



“It’s to be expected. I did mean something to some of the people here,” Martier bit out, surprising Tim with the mild venom in her words. Sister Louise glanced at Tim as if apologizing for an insolent child but his expression remained cool and distant.



“You mean something…to everyone here.” Sister Louise said while turning to straighten something on her desk, her back to them. “Some of the girls would like to say goodbye to you.” And with that they had been dismissed.



Martier didn’t say another word as she swept out of the room with Tim following directly behind her. He followed her into the main part of the school and by her posture and because he was behind her he wondered if she was crying but when she turned to him she had a broad smile on her face.



“Now I can show you where I grew up. Would you like to take a tour?”



“Okay.” He said and meant it. He was just relieved that he wouldn’t have to see her cry. Also he was curious to know how she had lived her life before becoming a part of his.



The school was big and very beautiful but definitely in need of minor repairs. It was clear where a rung on the staircase had broken and been patched into place with duct tape, or crumpling plaster that was not quite concealed by artwork.



She explained that the younger ones would be outside playing and showed him an entertainment room where a large television was playing some type of history program. There was a ping pong table, and a small library. The room was dotted with girls that ignored the ping pong table and the television. They were doing each other’s hair or laughing and talking in groups.



Someone squealed when they entered the room. He wasn’t sure if it was because a male had invaded their domain or at the sight of Martier who they rushed to greet. Some of the girls giggled when they looked at him and he shoved his hands in his pockets and became uncomfortable. Several of the nuns entered the room to ask her about herself and one flew past him and took Martier by the hand and whisked her away to a corner.



“I never told Sister Louise about your books.” Sister Callista said. “I was surprised when she asked me about them. I’m so sorry, Jane. I did not want you to go-”



“I know.” She hugged the older woman. “It worked out for the best.” She dragged the woman to Tim and introduced them. And then seeing the lost look on his face she quickly led him up the stairs and away from the crowd. She just had one more place to visit.



“I just want to see the babies and then we can leave.” She absently pointed out the dormitories which were separated by age group. Tim saw military style sleeping, about ten beds to a room. It left so much to be desired. In the nursery Martier gestured for him to follow her quietly. A nun was reading in a rocker and her face brightened but she didn’t speak, indicating that the little ones were napping.



“All except Miles,” She whispered.



Martier grinned. “Of course.” Martier led them to an adjoining room filled with toddler toys. Tim saw a lone tot playing by himself, using one toy to slam against another.



“Is that a little boy?”



Martier’s lips were turned up into a grin as she came down on her knees before the child. “Hi Miles.” The baby recognized her and began to get excited and indicate that he wanted to be picked up. Martier swept him up in her arms and carried him to Tim.



“He is the only boy that’s ever been here. He’s a twin and he and his sister are both foster to adopt. They shouldn’t be here long but there is trouble locating their parents and legalities that keep them from being placed.”



Tim reached out and touched the boy’s straight black hair. He looked up with slanted eyes and gave Tim a curious look.



“Tsunami?”



“Yes.”



“Miles isn’t his real name, is it?”



“No one knows his real name.”



“And their parents?”



“No one knows that either.”



Tim sighed, and then ducked down to look at the child closely. “Hi little Tyke. You’re a cutie.” Miles seemed to approve of him and placed his fat opened palm on Tim’s cheek or maybe he was just trying to get at his blue eyes. Whatever it was both Tim and Martier went, ‘Awwww.’ In unison. It was sad to leave him because he started to cry but the sister took him while they left.



“I miss the little ones,” she said quietly. He almost placed his hand on her shoulders before he stopped himself. They went outside while she waved goodbye or hugged whoever they passed. He could tell that it was hard for her. Poor thing. He was happy that they hugged her, someone should. They got the boxes unloaded with the help of some of the sisters and Martier seemed more than ready to leave. She didn’t go over to the younger ones playing outside, afraid that they might start crying. But he suspected that in truth it was she that was afraid of crying.



They drove in silence and Tim realized that as much as he had thought he knew, he had actually been very clueless.





CHAPTER 16



Too emotionally drained to do anything but go home Jane offered to make them both lunch. Tim said that he could thaw out the steaks and they could have an early dinner. Martier seemed excited about having steak again and intrigued when he said that he was a master on the grill.



He hadn’t eaten anything all day and snuck a quick sandwich knowing that it wouldn’t wreck his appetite. Then he showed her the shed and together they pulled out some of the outdoor furniture so that they could enjoy the nice weather. Tim indicated that the yard was wired for sound and went inside to turn on the radio. Tim listened to vintage rock and Martier liked anything that didn’t consist of Gregorian chanting. Tim laughed for a long time at that one.



Waiting for the grill to heat and the meat to thaw they talked and checked out the garden. Tim was enthusiastic about her fixing it and he promised to have the pool man come out in time for Memorial Day. He discussed the lawn work that he’d do and then followed her into the cottage as she prepared a simple tomato and cucumber salad with the vegetables she’d picked earlier. Tim mentioned that there was basil out there somewhere and they went foraging for the herb and lucked up on fresh rosemary for the steak.



Afterwards she watched him roast the potatoes and prepare the steak for the grill. He moved about the kitchen comfortably and her imagination drifted as she envisioned a day when it would be like this with her very own husband. But unlike Tim, maybe he would lean forward and kiss her when he paused in seasoning the food. And then she thought of something crazy.



What would it be like to kiss Tim?



A zip of excitement coursed through her and she quickly suppressed it. That was the last thing that she should be thinking about! Tim was her boss! But Martier couldn’t stop the way she watched him concentrating on his task. They had moved back to his kitchen and he was explaining to her the art of seasoning.



“A good steak needs nothing more than salt and pepper and a bit of olive oil drizzled on it.” He grabbed the olive oil and drizzled on a few drops and then rubbing it liberally into the huge cuts of steak. He wiped his hands on a paper towel than dipped his fingertips into a dish containing kosher salt. “A bit of kosher or sea salt, but not too much.”



His low spoken words were doing something to the way her heart was beating; making it speed up as she listened to it reverberate from his chest. What if he touched her like that with his finger tips?



“Cracked black pepper and because we found this rosemary we’ll take an entire sprig and lay it on top.” He turned to her with a grin that sent her heart racing. “Normally I’m a purist and no green should ever touch steak unless it’s my salad that got too close. But I’ll hand it to the chefs. Rosemary is a fine compliment to beef. So we’ll consider this the coup de grace. And viola. Steak ala Tim.”



He carried the tray of steaks outside and she followed, listening to his every word as if he was a sage and she his disciple.



“Next the grill has to be smoking hot.” She could see that he had achieved that. He had used a charcoal grill and said that he preferred it but that was because he was old fashioned. “Propane is for girls.” He joked. She liked this Tim.



“Can we put some zucchini on there?” She asked.



He nodded. “Go grab a few and squash if you see any.” She hurried to do as he asked and when she returned he had already flipped them. They were sizzling and brown and her belly began to yearn for them. He sent her into the kitchen to slice the vegetables long ways and she made quick work of getting them prepped. He returned with the steak as well as the foil wrapped potatoes.



“Right on time.” She said. He left the meat to rest and quickly seasoned the vegetables with lemon pepper, kosher salt, and a drizzle of olive oil. It took less than five minutes and by that time she had the outdoor table set. Tim grabbed the salad from the refrigerator along with wine and two glasses. She thought fleetingly of the odor of beer on him this morning but dismissed it.



Once the food was set before them Martier stared at it in admiration. “I can’t believe we prepared this.”



“Shall we see if it tastes as good as it looks?”



She nodded enthusiastically and sliced into the tender meat. She gave him a pleased look as she chewed.



“Like butter.” He said as he chewed.



“The rosemary gives a hint of…freshness, like the wild.”



He smiled and raised his wine glass to toast. “Good food and good company.”



Martier pressed her glass to his. This is what a date will feel like, she thought.



~***~



Tim was in his home office but he could barely concentrate on his work when he kept humming and thinking about the orphanage and the time that he had spent with Martier the day before. She was good company, and funny without trying to impress him with witty banter. And she listened very intently seeming to enjoy when he talked even though he rather enjoyed when she did. Her voice was musical and its slight accent captivated him. Sometimes he thought of her voice in terms of music.



He was happy that she was living in the little cottage but kept wondering what she was doing. Several times he got up to satisfy his curiosity and saw that she was gardening. He had watched her from the kitchen window for a while before returning to his office. But now he found it hard to concentrate. He wanted to help her with the weeding and he definitely didn’t like weeding.



Slow up, old man, he cautioned himself. She is not here to be your companion or to help you cope with loneliness. Besides…you are twice her age and…



The doorbell rang and his head jerked. Shit, he already knew. He strolled slowly to the door and opened it without even looking out. Because who else would show up on his doorstep unannounced on a Sunday afternoon?



“Hello Jakob.”



“Tim.”



He came inside and noticed immediately that the room had been freshly cleaned. Jakob gave Tim a look. “You finally hire someone?”



“Yeah.” He nodded. “I did.”



“Good for you.”



“Want a drink?” Tim went into the kitchen.



“No. I think we should have a talk.”



Tim peered into the refrigerator silently. He retrieved a bottled water. “I’m not an alcoholic, I’m not going to become an alcoholic-”



“I want to talk about Corrine, not about your drinking.”



Jakob glanced out the window and paused. “You hired a gardener, too?”



Tim sighed. Shit…this was not the time to have Jakob read him the riot act over having his assistant living in his guest house. But his friend surprised him. Tim carefully explained the situation and Jakob listened. He looked at Tim and then out the window.



“She’s a young one Tim.”



“It’s not like that.”



“Whatever.” Tim was about to become angry and Jakob continued. “Whatever it takes you to keep your head straight, even if it’s just a minor distraction.” He didn’t like his friend’s characterization but ignored it.



“So do I get a reprieve from ‘the talk’?”



“No.” He said adamantly.



“Well before we go there I want to show you something.” He led his friend upstairs and to his bedroom. He opened Corinne’s closet and Jakob entered it in complete amazement. “Before you say anything, I want you to know that cleaning out this closet was damn near the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do. I’m sure you know what was harder. I donated her things because…” Tim concentrated on the empty hangers, “because I don’t need them here anymore. And once I realized that, it was actually harder having them in the house.”



“Tim. You should have told us, we would have helped you.”



Tim nodded. “You’ve helped me enough. And thank you. But from here on out, I think I’ll be better able to help myself.”





CHAPTER 18



As the days progressed Tim and Martier developed a routine that was both fulfilling and careful. Each morning he would be waiting to take her to work. And at work she learned that part of being a good assistant was not to wait for a list of duties but to anticipate what Tim would need to make his day run smoothly. He was very busy. He didn’t just have one client at a time and sometimes he’d have to be at court all day. Sometimes he would get court dates scheduled that conflicted with each other and it was her job to reschedule. No she couldn’t ask him when was the best time, she just had to know.



There were days when he had meetings that lasted for two or three days. And there were days when his schedule was clear. Those days were the best because Tim would say lets discuss client briefings and they would go out to lunch, discuss the case for a few minutes and then spend the rest of the time relaxing.



After work they would have dinner together two or three times during the week. When either ate alone they spent much time wondering what the other was doing. Tim discovered that she didn’t like that he always paid for their lunch or dinner so he offered to purchase groceries if she would occasionally make home cooked meals, and in that way he found a perfect excuse to have dinner with her.



Sometimes Dhakiya would meet her after work and would offer to drive her home. Tim would smile but Martier thought he seemed disappointed, just like she became disappointed when he revealed that they wouldn’t t have their usual Saturday barbecue because Jakob and Elaina had invited him to a big Memorial Day cookout.



It had been two weeks since she had moved into the cottage. The days had warmed up and everyone predicted that summer would be a scorcher. The pool man said that he’d have the pool ready by the weekend and Martier had bought baby back ribs in anticipation of she and Tim bringing in the holiday together.



It was going to be her first holiday outside of the school and when Dhakiya had invited her over for a barbecue she had declined. She wanted to spend it with Tim. She’d come to look forward to their Saturdays together. He would grill something that she’d never tried and tell her stories about the food and places that he’d gone. And sometimes when it began to get late he would light torches and candles and she imagined that she saw him look at her with interest. But maybe it was just the flickering of the flames. Sometimes she wished that he would look at her and see more than just a young girl that he’d helped out in a bind and other times she would think that they worked too closely together and it would not be a good idea.



But she could imagine it and imagining never hurt anybody.



Martier and Claudette had gone to Macy’s to find her a bathing suit that was both modest yet simple. She didn’t even know how to swim, but Tim had promised to show her this Saturday when they celebrated the opening of the pool.



Claudette eyed a two piece and Martier had shaken her head adamantly. It looked too much like underwear, as a matter of fact, she had underwear less revealing! Besides, it would be hard enough to wear skimpy clothing around Tim without her wondering if a body part would become exposed. But then Claudette had spotted something and her eyes lit up even before she had even picked it up.



“It can’t be…” She looked at Martier in excitement. “It’s the white bathing suit.”



“The white bathing suit?”



Claudette was hugging it to her body as if she would wear it. “The Marilyn Monroe white bathing suit!”



Martier scratched her head. “I was raised in a convent. If this is some type of iconic thing then I missed out on it, like I missed out on rap music, Star Trek, The Brady Bunch-”



Claudette thrust the suit at her and Martier examined it. Simple. Modest. She smiled. “I like it.” They searched for her size and she tried it on and felt naked even though she knew people wore things like this every day. Claudette barged into the dressing room when Martier was too shy to come out.



“Oh.” Claudette just stared at her.



Martier became self-conscious. “What?”



“No no no, stand up straight! Never ever slouch in a Marilyn Monroe bathing suit, girl!” But this time when she spoke she wasn’t kidding. “Hold your head up high. Yes, like that. Wow.”



“Good?” Martier asked but kept her head high.



Claudette just nodded. She had her get dressed and they went back to work.



“What are you thinking, Claudette?” Martier asked when they didn’t talk much on the way into the building. The older woman gave her a soft smile.



“I’m thinking that what you have in that bag is not as much a bathing suit as it is a tool.”



“A tool?”



Claudette chuckled, but mostly to herself. “You have no idea how to use it and that is both a good thing and bad.”



Martier’s face warmed as her back bristled.



“I may be…inexperienced. But I’m not stupid.”



Claudette looked at her. “No, but you don’t see what is in front of your face.”



Martier’s eyes darted around. “What are you talking about?”



Claudette stared at her for another moment. “Exactly.”



When she returned to the office, Martier was still puzzling over Claudette. If it was important she had no doubt the woman that had become her friend would tell her. But she had learned that Claudette had a reputation for being a busy body. And Martier didn’t want to mix office and personal together too much.



Jakob Marx was just leaving Tim’s office. The two were laughing quietly. Martier knew that Tim considered Jakob to be a close friend. They often went out to lunch together and he was known to spend time in the other partner’s office.



“I’ll see you Saturday. And come early because it’s going to be an all day affair.”



Tim shook his hand and gave him a light slap on his back. “I’ll be there, I’ll be there.” When he left Martier met his eyes in speculation and Tim hesitated.



“Oh…about Saturday, Jakob and his wife Elaina invited me to their barbecue. Maybe we can break in the pool Sunday or…?”



“Oh, yeah. That’s fine.” She smiled. He nodded and went into his office.



He should have invited her, he thought as he shut his door. But it wouldn’t have been proper and there would be partners there. It just would not have been a good idea. It would give the appearance that there was more going on, and there wasn’t.



Even though he’d successfully convinced himself of his right, he still felt wrong. It’s just that she had seemed kind of left out. Or maybe that was just his own sense of guilt.



~***~



Martier spent Saturday alone. When she had called Dhakiya to accept her invitation she was told that Rodney had made plans to take them out of town for the long weekend. Dhakiya seemed on the verge of cancelling but Martier made up a hasty story about using the time to hang up the African artwork that Dhakiya had bought her. She had actually already done it.



She’d watched Tim drive off a few hours ago. He was wearing cargo shorts and a white polo. Since he couldn’t see her watching, she allowed herself the luxury of studying him. She knew that he’d been running the treadmill because she’d seen him sweating one day after his work out. He was still big, he still had a bit of a belly but now he was tighter. She turned away from the window and picked up a new book that she’d gotten from the downtown library.



It was a romance but the guy was a jerk and he was nothing like a man should be. He was sarcastic and kind of mean to the woman. She didn’t think she’d find any interest in reading about their love affair. She picked up a book called The Invitation by a female poet named Oriah, and finally she was able to become absorbed in the written word in the way that the Songs of Solomon captured and swept her away.



Martier closed the book quickly, feeling the words touching her soul as if the author knew her inner most secrets. She took a notebook and pen outside and sat by the pool, staring at the depths and imagining her hearts truest desires. It sparkled so invitingly that she reached out to touch the water with her fingertips, imagining her and Tim in it together. He would place his strong hands against her back as she floated along the water’s surface. He wouldn’t allow her head to dip back too far and if she panicked he would pull her to his body and hold her tightly.



She closed her eyes and allowed her thoughts to flow together into words and then she quickly wrote them in her notebook.



I wonder when he looks at me

Exactly what it is he sees

Black skin? Insecurity? Youth?

Or comely breasts and hips, in truth



When his stern mask slips out of place

Could I be seeing in his face

A flicker of desire for me

Or is that what I want to see?



I listen to his every word

And cling to every whisper heard

Steal glances when he’s not aware

Afraid to let him know I care



Martier drew in a shaky breath. Claudette thought that she didn’t know what was right in front of her? Oh she knew. It was a man that she had fallen in love with.





CHAPTER 19



Why had he accepted? Because Jakob had said that he needed to stop being cooped up alone and to get out. Because Jakob had said that the partners were worried about him, and because Jakob and Elaina were family. And besides his brother Butch, who had not even stayed one day after Corrine’s funeral, the couple was his only family.



Before their invitation he had really been looking forward to this Saturday. He had monitored the progress on the pool. He’d done yard work so that the yard would be at its best. And at the grocery store he had seen Martier place baby back ribs into the cart along with corn on the cob and he couldn’t wait to show her what he could do with corn on the grill.



He sighed and parked his car a block down the street because everyone in the neighborhood seemed to be celebrating. He went around back and noted that all of the usuals were present; the partners and their wives—except Aaron who wasn’t married, several other attorneys of the firm, the country club crowd, Jakob’s sister and her husband, Elaina’s siblings and their spouses and Priscilla Hosgrove.



He wondered fleetingly if she was there with someone and hoped that she was. But when she spotted him and came forward he figured that that was not the case.



“Hello Priscilla. You’re looking lovely.” And she was. She was wearing a red dress that flowed down to her ankles. It was gathered at her neck by a bit of decorative material. It flowed loose but showed her curves in a curiously effective way.



She leaned forward and kissed his cheek surprising him. She smelled of expensive perfume but he could also smell the liquor on her breath.



“Tim, you’re not looking so bad yourself.” And she latched onto him at that point. He didn’t mind as much since it kept him from having to fake his way through conversation with twenty different people who didn’t really care what he had to say anyway. Elaina and Jakob came over to greet him and Jakob thrust a beer in his hand. It was cold and he had it finished before he remembered tasting it.



“You and Priscilla should join me and Jakob at the Aronoff. God of Carnage is playing and there are still plenty of good seats.”



Priscilla beamed. “I heard that was a very good one.” She slipped her arm around Tim’s. “Have you seen it?”



“No…I never heard of it.”



“It’s fabulous! Do come.” Elaina said excitedly.



“I’m game.” Priscilla indicated while watching him. Tim tipped his empty bottle to his lips before remembering he’d drained it.



“Sounds…like a plan.” It couldn’t really hurt to see a play with some friends. God of Carnage at least sounded like a good war story or something.



They went inside and the ladies secured the tickets while Tim whipped out his credit card to pay. It looked like he’d be going on his first date in over twenty years this Wednesday.



This wasn’t a pool party, but Tim began to long for a swim. He had watched his pool in anticipation for the first dip of the season and it seemed insane that there would be such an inviting pool but no frolicking.



He chatted with Aaron Rangbo who was so boring that even Priscilla had finally drifted away. “And how is your pretty assistant working out?” He asked.



Tim thought before answering. “She seems to be getting the hang of it. Fast learner.”



“Claudette likes her.”



“Mhm.” That was fairly significant. Claudette was no nonsense and didn’t bother with anyone that she deemed not worth her time. He gave the older man a close look. Aaron had never married and had been carrying on with his assistant for years.



“Why…did you never marry?”



Aaron didn’t answer for so long that Tim was unsure if he had even heard him. He took a sip of his drink and met Tim’s eyes. “I guess I didn’t think I’d fall in love.”



Tim wasn’t sure what to say. Aaron was older and from a different time. But times had changed.



When he and Aaron parted ways, Priscilla found her way back to him. She pressed a fresh beer into his hands.



“It looks like dinner’s served. Shall we?” She asked.



He took her arm and smiled. “Yes, I’m starving.”



Jakob and Elaina had hired someone to do the grilling; steaks and chickens and as he ate Tim wondered what Martier was having for supper. Even though it was early evening he decided to head back home and maybe salvage some of the day.



Priscilla seemed disappointed until they exchanged numbers. And as Tim drove home he felt a nagging guilt that he didn’t want to date her. There was absolutely nothing wrong with the woman. She just didn’t hold his interest.



He pulled into the garage and didn’t even go into the house. He went straight out the back towards the guesthouse; the cottage, as Martier called it. He smiled to himself. She had done a lot to make the house less lonely. Saturdays were the best, after she cleaned they usually hung out together. He would slap something on the grill and she would become enthralled watching him cook. Maybe she would want to go to culinary school. He had felt bad that she couldn’t study what she wanted while at St. Bartholoma. He had looked into the tuition reimbursement program at work. He would mention it to her.



He reached Martier’s house. It seemed hers, not his. He knocked while his eyes took in the tranquility of this section of his property. The lawn was picture perfect, Martier had transformed the garden and now it was as beautiful as ever. And the pool…it was very inviting. He couldn’t wait to take a dip in it.



He knocked again and peered through the window. He could see that there was no movement. Martier wasn’t home. His brow creased. Well…of course she wouldn’t want to spend the day alone. She had that friend, the one that had met her after work. She was from that school as well and he remembered seeing them driving off together and feeling instantly protective; two girls from a convent out at night in the city.



He turned and went back to the house grimly.



Tim seldom had time to watch television and when he did it was generally sports center. He sat down with a beer and turned on the large flat screen. It automatically came up to ESPN and that is what he was doing when he heard a car pulling up to the house.



He moved to the window in time to see a police car. It hadn’t stopped in front but had driven around back. What the…? He moved through the house and out the back door. The car had pulled up to Martier’s house. Tim’s sped up until he was almost running. His heart was thumping loudly in his chest.



~***~



After sulking the morning away, Martier decided to get done with her cleaning. It was short work to clean the big house. Tim used paper plates and plastic eating utensils during the week. They pulled out actual dishes and silverware on Saturdays and she generally cleaned the dishes afterwards. Other than the kitchen, Tim never utilized any rooms other than his office and bedroom.



Now that she’d gotten the large house in order, it was quick work to clean. Martier did her few items of laundry. Tim had offered her the use of the washer and dryer but had declined her offer to do his laundry. She still didn’t touch his room or bathroom and she understood that he still needed to keep that sanctum for him and his memories.



When the house was cleaned and she determined that the garden didn’t need her attention, she went back to her house and took a long bath in the Jacuzzi. She smiled as she luxuriated in the tub, the radio tuned to the classic rock channel that Tim listened to. Once a song by a group called ZEPPELIN had played and he had bobbed his head and made a motion like he was playing guitar. She watched him curiously and he grinned.



“Air guitar…um…It’s a guy thing.” Later, she had tried playing air guitar in her home but she decided that he was right. It really was a guy thing.



She was grinning to herself when she climbed out of the tub. Did he think about her, the way she thought about him? She twisted her damp hair back and pinned it into place quickly. No, he probably didn’t. Because why would he look at a girl that was so poor that she had to wear his wife’s clothes and so clueless that she didn’t even know how to put on makeup? She was too skinny, too tall and too gawky. She didn’t walk like a model in her shoes, sometimes she found herself clunking around. And she sometimes forgot not to slouch when she got nervous.



She put on clothes almost angrily. Here she was pining away her day for someone that was having fun at a barbecue with his friends, and for someone that would never look twice at her. She decided that she would go for a walk and get rid of some of her pent up frustration; not at Tim but at herself—for even thinking about her boss in that way.



She put on a nice dress; not nice enough for work but nice. She decided to leave her keys and keep her door unlocked. It wasn’t likely that a burglar would try to break into her little cottage. This was probably a very safe neighborhood. Besides, she would just look at the houses for a while. She had been wanting to do that. She actually missed her long walks.



It was still early evening and the sun had yet to set but Martier thought she would enjoy the walk much more when the houses lit up, illuminating the manicured lawns. Some of the houses looked like mansions, some like castles but none seemed as homey and comfortable as Tim’s. She had walked for about an hour but began to worry that she might get lost. She had gone up winding streets, circled cul de sacs, and now decided to find her way back to the house.



WHOOP WHOOP WHOOP



Martier turned and saw a police car behind her with lights flashing. She continued walking but noted that the car was following slowly behind her. She paused and waited for it to reach her, a concerned frown knitting her brow.



An officer rolled down his window and gestured for her to come towards the car. She did.



“You lost?”



She blinked. “No.”



“Well are you a maid or someone’s nanny here?”



She gave him a surprised look. “No, I live in the neighborhood.”



“Do you have some ID?”



Martier frowned. “I wasn’t aware that I needed ID just to go for a walk.”



The officer’s demeanor instantly changed. “Look lady, I’m just asking you a simple question.” She understood that. The question was very simple. She just didn’t understand why he was asking it.



He got out the car when she didn’t answer quickly enough. “I’m going to need to see some ID.” He was shorter than her but she could see him pull himself up so that he appeared taller…though that tactic didn’t work when standing next to a woman that towered over you by two full inches.



“I didn’t bring my ID.”



He sighed. “Where do you live?”



Martier’s mouth opened and she felt the first tendrils of fear. She didn’t remember the address. She had never had a reason to think of the house numbers and put them to memory. All she knew is that the street was called Hendrix.



“I’m renting a house on Hendrix.”



He rolled his eyes and then set them on her steadily. “You’re telling me that you’re renting a house in this neighborhood?” She became angry, so angry that her eyes began to sting. She didn’t have to tell him anything. She might have been a child of Africa but she was also a citizen of the United States!



She lifted her chin defiantly. “I didn’t do anything wrong-”



“Okay, right now, you need to be quiet until I tell you that you can speak. Because I can see that we’re going to have a situation and I don’t want to have a situation. Do I make myself clear?”



Her eyes darted around, but there was no one to see what was going on and she couldn’t believe that this man was talking to her like this.



“Lady, I don’t want to ask you again. Do you understand what I’m telling you?”



“I understand.” She whispered.



“Now…we have a report of a suspicious looking black woman roaming the neighborhood. And you happen to fit her description.”



She met his eyes. Suspicious looking? What was she doing that was suspicious looking? But she didn’t dare speak.



“Now this is what we’re going to do. You’re going to get in the car and we’re going to drive to this house that you’re supposedly renting. When we get there you’re going to show me your identification. And if you’re lying to me, then we will have a major problem. Do you understand?”



This time she couldn’t even speak. Her throat had closed and all she could do was nod once.



The officer placed Martier in the back seat and for a few moments she wondered if he was really going to take her home or to jail. Maybe he wouldn’t even take her to jail. Maybe he’d do something bad to her and then dump her body so that no one would know that he’d profiled her. She knew what it was called and she knew that it was racist and against the law. He asked her for directions and she realized that her hands were clenched tightly as she whispered the directions because her voice had almost completely disappeared.



“Wow, you picked a good one.” He said mockingly as he pulled onto Tim’s property. “Nice big house that you rent here, lady.”



“You have to drive around back.” The cop didn’t comment again but her brow felt damp with nervous sweat. The sun would soon be setting and she didn’t want to be alone in her cottage with the police officer. She wished that Tim was home. She wished with all of her heart but he would be sitting down to eat barbecue with his friends right now.



The officer pulled up to the cottage but before he got out he looked at her curiously. “Like I said, we got a report of a suspicious looking black lady. You kind of made this a bit harder than it had to be by smarting off when I asked for your ID.”



She searched her mind for when she’d smarted off. He got out his car and opened the door for her.



“Martier?!” She looked up in surprise to see Tim sprinting across the yard towards them. The officer quickly placed his hand on the butt of his gun, not as if he would draw it but as if he wanted to make sure it was still there. Martier didn’t miss the motion and at the same time that she felt relieved to see Tim’s approach, a sudden fear simultaneously gripped her.



“Who are you, Sir?” The officer asked while holding up his hand to keep him at a distance.



Tim ignored the cop completely and took Martier by the shoulders.



“What happened? Are you okay?”



Tim’s heart was beating a mile a minute. Martier just gave him a lost look but he could feel her trembling he pulled her carefully into his arms and gave his attention to the cop.



“What happened?”



“Are you the owner of the house?”



“Yes I am.” Tim looked at the cop’s badge. “Officer Lewicki. What’s going on?”



“Does this girl live here? Is she renting this house from you?”



Tim frowned and shrugged. “Yes she is. What seems to be the problem, officer?” he looked down into Martier’s face and her eyes were too bright and she still hadn’t spoken but he noted that she avoided looking at the police officer completely. Her posture was stiff even though she leaned in to him and he realized that she was terrified.



“I’ll leave the girl in your custody, sir. She was roaming the neighborhood and there was a report that she was acting suspiciously.”



A flush moved up Tim’s body in understanding. “I see. In what way was she acting suspiciously?” Martier suddenly looked at him and he met her look, passing on a silent message. He didn’t believe the cop for a second. She seemed to relax a bit; at least she wasn’t trembling anymore.



“Well, when questioned about her identification she became hostile and I was forced to bring her here to retrieve it-”



“Hostile?” She said blinking. Tim gave her shoulder a quick squeeze trying to let her know that he didn’t believe a word.



“I find that highly unlikely.” Tim spoke. The police stiffened and his face reddened. “What probably happened is that you saw a black woman walking down the street in this neighborhood and you’re the one that got suspicious. Officer, you cannot imagine how many cases I’ve tried supporting the fourteenth amendment; and won.” The officer’s face immediately went from red to a very pale as he began to put two and two together.



“Indeed, I am an attorney. I’ll need your badge number.” The officer slowly handed Tim a card.



“She didn’t have any identification on her-” he attempted to explain.



“This isn’t apartheid South Africa. And the days when blacks have to carry papers ended a long time ago-”



“Race?” Lewicki said in feigned innocence. “It was suspicious that a girl her age said that she was renting a house in this neighborhood-”



“And you felt the need to ask her that question because…why? Oh! She was acting suspiciously. Your superior can expect a call from me Monday morning.” Tim narrowed his eyes at the officer when he still didn’t retreat to his car and Martier tensed again. “You would be with District 47…That would be James McPherson. I actually have his number on speed dial.”



Lewicki quickly got into his car and sped away. Martier slipped from his arms and crossed her arms in front of her, rubbing her elbows nervously.



“He didn’t put his hands on you did he?” Tim had to fight for control to even ask that question. Because if he had touched her…



“No.” She said quickly.



Tim let out a tense breath. He was so angry that she’d been treated in this way, and angry that she looked so hurt. He intended for Lewicki to pay dearly.



“Are you okay?”



She wouldn’t meet his look. “I’m okay.” She said simply then rubbed her elbows again. She didn’t look okay; far from it. She reached for the door. “I’m going to go inside. I’m kind of tired.”



“Yeah,” He said after a brief hesitation. “Goodnight, Martier.”



“Night.”



Then the door closed soundly behind her. Tim went back to his house. He went directly to his office and logged into the firm’s database. He retrieved the card he had. Officer Patrick Lewicki. He ran the name to see if he or his firm had ever had a case against him.



Martier locked the door. She went into the kitchen and locked that one as well. Then when she felt safe she stopped rubbing the goose bumps from her arms. She couldn’t stop shaking even though she was damp with sweat. She went upstairs and stripped out of her clothes to just underwear and climbed into bed where she shivered until she fell asleep.





CHAPTER 20



“In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.” Martier made the sign of the cross and bowed her head. “Bless me father, for I have sinned. It has been three weeks since my last confession.”



“Why so long, child?” Father Ashton asked.



It didn’t matter if she was behind a curtain. The priests at St. Francis knew her and all of the girls from St. Bartholoma.



“I moved out of the school.” Father Ashton waited. “And I was angry. I didn’t want to face the sisters.”



“I see. Go on.”



Martier confessed her sins which consisted of being envious of Dhakiya and Rodney, of having an inappropriate dream, of gluttony-



“Hold on,” The priest interrupted, “Inappropriate in what way?”



Martier squirmed on the hard bench. “I…I had a dream about my boss Tim.”



“Go on.”



Crap! She had hoped he’d let her get away without telling it. “I saw…in the dream, that is! He was,” she coughed and cleared her throat, “naked.”



“And what were you doing in this dream, child?”



“Oh.” Her face felt hot. “Well I was kissing him. But then I saw that he was naked and I became afraid and I woke up.”



“And that’s it?”



“Yes, father!” Basically. His man-parts had looked like a hairless rodent. She knew what man-parts looked like; she’d seen pictures. But her dream was very different than what she knew to be fact. And the father didn’t press. So she left out the part where she thought about Tim’s man-parts a lot. Father Ashton gave her an act of contrition which she did twice as many. And then he surprised her by seeking council with her.



“I’m concerned about you, Martier.”



“Me? Why, Father?”



“Sister Louise spoke to me about your dismissal from the school.” Martier looked at anything but him. “She feels guilty.” Her eyes darted to his quickly and he smiled. Father Ashton was as old as Sister Louise and she had known him almost as long. “Don’t worry, I’m not sharing her confession.” He began to pace as she continued sitting. “The sister thinks that you hate her.”



Martier didn’t respond for a long time. “I don’t know how I feel.”



“And then there is the matter of your living arrangements. You were raised in the church and you know right from wrong and what is expected of you. Giving in to lust is a sin.”



She felt her face warming. “I understand, father.” She met his eyes. She wanted him to see that she hadn’t crossed any lines.



“Good.”



She was happy to leave his office and immediately sought out Sister Black Mary. Though she was devoted to church, she had only come today for one reason and there wasn’t much time to linger. The sister’s had to return to the school to prepare breakfast.



She found the sister who smiled at her broadly. “I wondered if you’d keep with this church, especially when I didn’t see you after you moved out.” They hugged in greeting.



Martier hadn’t decided if she would stay with St. Francis. She had only come to confess and to speak to the African American nun. There were other blacks, of course. But she had always known Sister Black Mary.



“Sister. Something happened and I wanted to talk to you about it.”



“What child?” She took her out into the parish garden. The sun was just now beginning to rise. Martier had taken a cab because she was too afraid to walk to the bus stop while it was still night. She couldn’t imagine how she’d feel if she saw that police officer again. It had cost her nearly $45 but she hadn’t complained. The girl’s at the firm indicated that you don’t complain about how much things cost.



Martier took a deep breath and told her about what had happened with the police. She told the story slowly and didn’t leave out any pieces and in the middle of it the tears that she had tried not to allow to fall finally did and Sister Mary gripped her hand.



After she told the story and Martier’s tears had stopped, Sister Mary spoke. “What you feel right now-- that feeling as if you are less; less important, that you have less feelings, that you have less rights—well that’s what that policeman wants you to feel. Then it makes him feel as if he has more.”



Martier watched her intently, her eyes still watery. “I feel…powerless. Like I had to shut up and take everything he said and did. And if Tim; my boss, hadn’t been there than he could have done anything he wanted.” Tears sprouted in her eyes again and spilled over. “I think that’s why I’m afraid.”



Sister Mary squeezed her hand lightly. “Martier, that won’t be the last time you face prejudice. There will be people that will treat you differently because of your color, your sex, your height, your beauty even your pretty accent. But you can’t let those people define you.”



Martier smiled and nodded as she wiped her tears. Then she leaned against Sister Mary’s shoulders and cried.



~***~



Tim knocked on Martier’s door to ask her if she wanted to go out for breakfast but she didn’t answer. He checked his watch. It wasn’t even eight o’clock. How could she not be home?!



He drove to have waffles without her.



Martier trudged up the walkway. The sun hadn’t caused the heat to sink in but she had walked from the bus stop and that was the reason that she was hot. She had decided not to give in to her fear and had taken the bus. And as she walked she became angry and decided that she would dare that officer to show his face and harass her again!



She looked at Tim’s house and thought about how good it had felt to have his arms holding her. She knew that she was safe when he did that. She decided to tell him how much she appreciated it. She knocked on the door and let herself in with the key.



“Tim? It’s Martier.”



When she didn’t get a response she headed for the kitchen and opened the garage door where she saw that he had already left. She went back to her house feeling disappointed. Tired, she curled up on the couch and allowed her mind to replay the way Tim’s arms had gone protectively around her body, and then she fell into a restful sleep.



Tim got home after breakfast and wondered if she was back, but didn’t check. He had no right to monitor her comings and goings. Jakob called and indicated that Elaina wanted to get together for a late dinner after the show. They had a 7:00 show and he decided that he didn’t care one way or the other.



“Yeah, that’s fine.”



“Well, I want you to call Priscilla and let her know.”



“Eh? She’s your friend.”



“Yeah, but she’s your date.”



He sighed in annoyance and tried to remember where he had placed her phone number. “Fine.”



“Call her today, Tim.”



“Damnit Jakob, when will you butt out? You think I don’t know that this entire thing was a set up?”



“If it was,” Jakob said innocently, “I had no part in it. You’ve been out of the dating game for a long time. You’re supposed to call the lady periodically, remember?”



“I’m still not ready for this. Don’t push.”



“My hands are off the controls.”



“I’m coming in to the office tomorrow. I need to take care of some things.” The office was technically closed for the Memorial Day weekend but business hours meant little to attorneys, and several people would still be working.



He hung up the phone and then stalked to the kitchen angrily. He opened the back door and stormed across the yard. When he reached Martier’s house he knocked before he could change his mind. This time he heard movement and then her face appeared through the window.



She unlocked and opened the door.



“Are you going to stay cooped up in this house all day?”



“What?” She rubbed her eyes and he saw that she had been sleeping. He blushed.



“I thought you might be hiding away because of…well what happened yesterday.”



“I went to mass.”



“Oh. Well, sorry if I woke you.” Now he felt like an ass.



“No, it’s okay. I stopped by the house to thank you for…you know. But you weren’t there.”



Tim watched the way her brown face seemed filled with the weight of the world where before it was filled with innocence. It broke his heart. He wanted to destroy that cop!



He swallowed away his anger. “It’s going to warm up pretty good. Do you want to swim later?”



She smiled and nodded. “And can we put on the rib? I mean unless you had too much yesterday-”



“No.” He said quickly. “We didn’t have ribs. My friends are Jewish; no pork. So I could really go for ribs about now.”



“I’ll get it ready and we can meet at about noon?”



“Sounds like a date!” Then he blushed in horror at his words.



“I’ll be over later.” Her dark eyes were like deep pools. Her nose sloped long toward narrow nostrils and then full lips. Even full, her lips were artfully shaped as if she was preparing to blow a kiss. Her cheekbones were high, her skin a perfect shade of burnished mahogany. Dark curls framed her face, some that had escaped her bun fell softly along the span of her slender neck.



“Bye.”



“Bye.” He said, still standing there. Then he finally remembered to leave. Back at the house he put on swim trunks and then pulled on an athletic shirt. He was not going to walk around with his gut showing; even though after a month of cardio his body was pretty damned impressive. He would start adding weights. He thought fleetingly of Martier. Men with perfect bodies would one day be throwing themselves at her feet and he didn’t want her looking back on him thinking about the saggy white guy that she worked for.



Deep down he knew that Martier wouldn’t be here forever. And he wouldn’t want that. She was smart, she was beautiful and she was destined to go forth into the world and shine. But the idea of her going forward made him feel desperately lonely. He grabbed towels, turned on the radio and went out to prepare the grill.



Martier stripped out of her clothes and stared at herself naked in the mirror. Maybe she should shave her legs again. Only a few of the nuns shaved their legs and underarms. Some really should shave their chins and upper lips but you weren’t supposed to think that.



She placed her hand over her mound. It was covered in black curly hair and would surely sprout from the white bathing suit. She’d never shaved her pubic hair before and her razor wasn’t the best tool for the job, but when she was finished and ran her hand over the smooth flesh it made her quiver and grow warm. She immediately moved her hand away and concentrated on the hair on her head.



Removing all of the pins she let down her bun. Her hair fell into heavy waves along her shoulders and down her back where they bounced at the middle of her shoulder blades. Making sure that everything looked hair-free where it should be hair-free, she slipped on the bathing suit that Claudette had called a tool.



Martier knew that Claudette had thought her too naive to understand. But she did want Tim to look at her as more than a charity case that he had to take care of. If it was a tool, then so be it. She didn’t bother with a towel or shoes. She shook out her thick hair, and then nervously left the house feeling naked; as naked and vulnerable as a newborn kitten.



Tim added extra coals because he wanted indirect heat and for the meat to cook for hours so that it fell off the bone. He poked the coals until he was satisfied that they took up no more than half of the grill. He heard Martier’s approach and turned. The poker fell out of his hand and clattered to the ground.



Tim’s mouth parted and he stared at the beautiful woman approaching him. If this was a movie the world would have converted into slow motion and everything except the sight of her would have been blurred out. She wore a simple white bathing suit. It was not cut high at the thighs, the neckline did not plunge down to show cleavage. There was nothing singularly erotic about the suit. But it seemed to Tim that it was the most erotic thing he’d ever seen. The contrast between the deep darkness of Martier’s skin and the stark white fabric was but one element. But then add to that the way the fabric clung to her every curve. And yes she was lean but she was curvy in a way that her previous wardrobe could have never told.



Her breast weren’t large but they didn’t have to be. Their perfect roundness was evident even beneath the fabric. Lithe and tall didn’t mean skinny, far from it. Her narrow waist swelled toward hips that swayed softly as she walked. Her thighs and legs were toned and nicely formed. His eyes moved up to where her face was haloed by luxurious waves of cascading black hair. She wore no make-up, no jewelry and yet he thought she could rival any Hollywood actress or any Parisian runway model.



“Martier…” He managed.



She smiled and tried for brave, maybe even alluring but she thought it only ended up as embarrassed. Tim blinked. His eyes darted away; only then could he think those thoughts that needed to be thought. Because when she had smiled at him, in just that second when she was innocence mixed with seduction, Tim Singleton’s heart soared.



“You look…beautiful. Your suit! I mean…you.” He stammered and then wanted to palm his face for sounding like an idiot schoolboy.



She tried not to duck her head, or wrap her arms in front of her, but to stand still and accept his compliment with good grace.



“Thank you.” She cocked her head and glanced at the grill. “Is it ready? I left the meat in the refrigerator-” She gestured back to the cottage.



“I’ll get it.” He was already darting across the yard to the little cottage. Once inside he shut the door and took a moment to try to reign everything in. He pressed his erection with the palm of his hand, but that actually felt way too good. Walking to the kitchen he tried to think of things to curb the sudden spike of desire. Nuns didn’t work this time. He just kept picturing Martier.



“This is no good.” He muttered while storming into the kitchen. He gripped the counter. “Tonight you will jerk off like a beast, but right now pull it together Tim!” She is beautiful, but she is innocent. Help her the way Corrine would have wanted, but keep your hands off!



Martier had seen the look on Tim’s face. He found her desirable. She smiled faintly. But…he’s been without a wife for nearly a year. And more than feeling desired she felt manipulative. She should have never done this. Just because a man desired you didn’t mean he loved you.



Tim returned with the ribs. He avoided looking at her from the neck down as he explained that he would slow cook it over indirect heat for several hours.



“We could swim for a while.” He wanted the coolness of the water to hopefully cool his desires. “And don’t worry, I won’t let you drown.”



“You’ll show me how to swim?”



“It’s easy.” He punctuated his words with a nod. They walked to the pool and Tim swept off his shirt and tossed it to the lounge chair. Martier tried not to stare. In recent weeks, from their time outdoors, Tim’s white skin had tanned slightly with a healthy glow. His torso, by comparison, still maintained its paleness. The contrast of tan to white captivated her attention—almost as much as the sight of his muscled arms and torso. He was big, but not the least bit fat.



The light covering of hair on his chest was both white and dark and it made her want to reach her fingers out to run along the cut plains of his chest and the slight swell of his belly and then over his big arms where she was surprised to see a tattoo.



“You have a tattoo.” She said aloud and he looked down at his bicep, a serious expression on his face. There he had tattooed three bands; two thick the other thin.



“Machu Picchu.”



“What?”



He shook his head slightly. “Corrine and I went to Peru for an environmental cause that she was involved in. And while we were there we got matching tattoos, hers on her ankle. They are Incan tribal bands.”



Tim stepped into the cool water and offered her his hand. She thought of the years of history he had with her; Corrine. He probably looked at her and thought that she knew nothing of the world.



The water felt wonderful and almost too cool. She shivered and he kept hold of her hand. “Here it’s only four feet.” He looked to the far end. “There it’s ten feet.”



“Feels good.”



He nodded. “Hold a sec. I’m going to dip my head.” Without releasing her hand he dipped below the surface momentarily and then used his free hand to wipe the streaming water from his eyes.



“We didn’t have a real pool at the school; just a few wading pools for the little ones.”



“That’s sad. Every kid should learn to swim.” He walked her around the shallow end and soon her body became acclimated. He placed her hand onto the edge. “Don’t let go of the edge. I’m going to take a lap.”



He did a backstroke watching her before turning to swim the length. When he got to the far end he checked to make sure she hadn’t let go. She was watching him and had allowed herself to float a bit as she hung onto the edge. He swam back to her.



“Want to float?”



She nodded slowly and then looked at the water nervously.



“I won’t allow your head to fall below the surface.” He assured her. “You’re going to have to trust me.”



“I do.” She stared into his blue eyes. “I know you won’t let me drown.”



“Right.” He placed his hand on her shoulder. “Lean back.”



She immediately did as he asked, allowing her feet to leave the floor and her hand to stop clutching the edge. Immediately she felt his hand beneath her, supporting her body. She looked at him and grinned.



“I’m floating.”



“Indeed.” He was grinning at her excitement. She allowed her head to tilt back a bit, just so that her hair was completely wet and his hand was there beneath her neck making sure she didn’t fall below the surface.



Knowing that his strong body was only inches from her made her feel safe, and the light touch of his hand on the small of her back and beneath her neck made her feel even closer to him. She allowed her eyes to close as she concentrated on the feel of his hands. Her body relaxed and became as liquid as the water surrounding her. She didn’t think that there could ever be a feeling more enjoyable than this.



Tim couldn’t take his eyes off her. Her dark hair flowed about her like an inky black wave. Droplets of water glided slowly down her dark skin and the sun seemed to live in each one of them. Her perfectly formed lips tilted upwards at the corners forming a slight smile and with her closed eyes her face seemed full of serenity.



He wanted to lean forward and kiss her. He wanted to run his hands lightly over her wet skin and feel her shiver beneath his touch…



A sigh escaped his lips and knowing that it would cause her to open her eyes he glanced out into the horizon. When he looked down again she was watching him with her dark eyes.



“This is a beautiful day.” He commented. Her hands strummed along the water’s surface luxuriously.



“It is.”



Such restraint it took not to grab her and pull her to his body and take her lips with his.



“How do you like floating? Do you want to try swimming next?”



“Mmmm.” She sighed. “Let’s float a little longer.”



He shivered. “Whatever you say.”



He led her around the pool and when he got to the deep end he told her to move her arms like she was swimming, allowing her to control the direction that he would take her. She grinned enthusiastically at this game.



She floated/swam and her eyes closed. Unconsciously her feet began to make the motions of swimming, next her hands and arms began to flow and somehow she knew…Martier swallowed a deep breath and rolled away from Tim and dropped into the deep end of the pool.



He clutched for her but she had gone straight to the bottom, easily with no panicked flapping of her arms. The panic was all his as he followed only to find Martier crouched at the bottom of the pool easily keeping herself below the surface. He gave her a surprised look. She was looking at him with equal surprise.



She swam to him with long limbs moving assuredly and placed her hands on his shoulders. Their eyes locked and Tim pulled her to him, holding her close to his body. His hand moved up to trace her cheek and then he stopped. Instead he swam them up to the surface and breaking through to the air above. And then sucking in air, still clutching each other, heart pounding with adrenalin Tim gently gripped the back of her head and kissed her.





Martier’s arms went around his neck as her lips locked onto his. He now was doing the swimming for the both of them and barely noticed. His lips sought hers at the same time that hers pressed against his. A low groan escaped him as he swam them to the edge. He needed to touch her. He pulled her against his body and felt her legs move up and slowly lock around him.





He groaned, feeling himself becoming impossibly hard. He could imagine himself reaching into his shorts and withdrawing himself, nudging the material of her swimsuit aside and taking her right there. But the thought brought a rush of reality. Christ! What was he thinking even to contemplate taking Martier’s virginity in a freaking swimming pool?!





He squeezed his eyes closed and did something that was damn near impossible; he broke the kiss and gently pushed her away.





“Martier…we better stop.”





She had a confused look on her face. “Oh…okay.” She stammered.





He quickly climbed out of the pool and because his trunks clung to every bulge he discreetly kept his back to her. “We should dry off and get dressed.” He grabbed two towels and held one out to her while keeping the other pressed in front of him. Martier climbed out, masking her disappointment.





“Sure.” She quickly wrapped the towel around herself.





He was finding it difficult to just leave it like that and she could barely stop looking at the way the hair on his chest glistened wetly against his torso, leading down…Martier’s knees felt weak. She had felt him pressed against her; so hard that it wasn’t like flesh. Her body couldn’t seem to stop urging forward toward that part of him—that part of herself trembled and clenched in need.





“I…” He hesitated. He shouldn’t lie and say he was sorry. He wasn’t. But it was still wrong. “How about we just come back in a few hours when the meat’s done. I’ll…throw the corn on then and…”





“Yeah.” She said quickly, trying to control the tremor that she heard in her voice. “I’ll…um…make a salad.”





He nodded. “Um…see you in about 2 hours.”





Tim got dressed after satisfying himself in the shower. He did it quickly, images of Martier at the bottom of the pool, floating there like a beautiful sea anomaly in his head as he grunted her name through clenched teeth and spilled himself onto the shower floor.





Not long after, Tim stood in his office with his cell phone in his hand. He had been standing there like that for several minutes. He stared at the number that he had just recently added; Priscilla Hosgrove.





He wouldn’t do anything to hurt Martier, and if he wasn’t careful then he would. He wouldn’t mean to, but she was 23 and he was 47. It was ridiculous. He was lonely and had taken advantage of her close proximity to fill the gap in his life that Corrine’s death had left. His mind shifted to Priscilla. He didn’t want a relationship with her. She had barely even crossed his mind other than on the two occasions that he’d been in her company. But maybe it wouldn’t hurt to be around someone closer to his own age.





With a sigh he pressed dial. Of course the big problem is that she didn’t come close to intriguing him the way-





“Hi Priscilla. This is Tim. Nice hearing you, too. Look, Jakob and Elaina wanted to know if we’d like to go for a late dinner after the show. I’m not sure…I’m fairly easy. As long as there’s a big steak involved then I’m happy. Yeah, I’ll let you ladies work that out. I’ll pick you up Wednesday at about six, is that good for you?”





Tim sat down in his chair. “No, I was just spending some time in the pool.” He continued to chat with her as his eyes fell on to the picture of Corrine. He quickly looked away.





CHAPTER 21





Martier leaned her back against the door of the cottage. She touched her lips; lips that had kissed Tim’s. Her heart soared. Tim had held her in his arms and kissed her completely. She felt herself smiling like a giddy fool.





Her first kiss and she wanted to rush to the phone and call Dhakiya. But she couldn’t and not just because her friend was out of town. No one she knew would understand. She wanted to scream because bottled up inside of her was so much joy. She wanted to dance and spin. She covered her lips and grinned again.





I kissed Tim. And he kissed me.





She found a notepad. She had to tell somebody.





Dear God;


I KISSED HIM!!!



~***~





Martier offered to go into work with Tim Monday but he said that he wouldn’t really need her for anything critical and then he just dismissed the idea as if she didn’t have a say in it. So she spent Monday daydreaming about Tim and wishing that she could swim. But he had made her promise not to get into the pool until he got home even though she was obviously a very good swimmer. She had some of his tape recordings that he had made for her to transcribe. She played them just to listen to his voice.





When they had met for dinner Sunday night, it had been awkward. She had hoped…well, she wanted to kiss him again. But he barely looked at her. And when he did his expression was curious and not passionate. He asked her questions about her lack of memory. He speculated about different unknown skills that she might possess. That she knew how to swim didn’t interest her nearly as much as it seemed to interest him. The only thing that interested her was his lips and his arms finding their way around her again.





When it became evident that he wasn’t going to drop the subject of her memory loss for more entertaining activities, she explained that she had absolutely no memory of anything or anyone before coming to St. Bartholoma. She knew that her father had been executed, she knew her own name and she knew that she was an orphan. Period. He’d watched her sympathetically when all she wanted was for him to look at her with desire again.





It soon became obvious that Tim wasn’t going to acknowledge the kiss. And as they ate she decided that she would have to be patient. She wanted him desperately. She didn’t think she’d ever wanted anything more. But she was willing to be patient for him. As she watched him silently eating the meal that he’d so expertly prepared, Martier decided that he was the one. This man that she sat opposite of, that had given her her first kiss, was the man that she would cleave to. She remembered as a child in bible study that the word had struck a chord in her and she had looked it up in the dictionary, To cleave; to adhere firmly and closely or loyally and unwaveringly. Yes.





~***~





Tim was pacing the floor of his office tensely, although his voice did not betray his emotion.





“I’m not saying you’re right, I’m not saying you’re wrong,” Lt Parson’s voice came over the speaker phone. “You’ve laid your facts on the table—so how can we settle this amicably, Mr. Singleton?”





“Simple. I want him permanently reassigned.”





“Now that’s a big request, Singleton—”





“And not just reassigned, but six weeks of diversity classes. And consider this Parsons, I could have requested you assign him to walk a beat on Linn St.,” which was about the poorest and most economically depressed area of Cincinnati. “Of course I wouldn’t want to do that to the blacks there.” Tim placed his hands in front of his face in a teepee gesture.





“Or we can just take it to court. Twenty three year old orphaned black girl just out of a convent…and I won’t forget to mention that she survived the Rwanda genocide, only to come to the states and have Jim Crowe shoved down her throat. You know that would go nationwide; as if Cincinnati needs another high-profile, racially charged police offense-“





“Alright! Fuck! You sure know how to play the race card, Singleton.”





Tim narrowed his eyes. People mainly said that when there was one to play. “What makes this sad is that everything I just said is the truth. I don’t want Miss Besigye to walk out her door, walk down the street and have any fear that she will be harassed.” What if she wanted to move away because of this? He wasn’t ready for that yet.





“Fine. It’s done.”





“Lt. Parsons.”





There was a long sigh. “Yes, Singleton?”





“I don’t want the next patrolman getting any ideas.”





“As if I’d want to have this talk with you again. Are we through here, Singleton?”





“I believe so.”





“Good. And for the record, Lewicki is a good cop. He says he didn’t mean anything racists by it.”





“If that was true, he wouldn’t have stopped her in the first place.”





“You know Singleton, when the big bad brother’s from Over the Rhine start cruising down your street you’ll be singing a different tune.”





“That sounded pretty close to being a racist statement Lieutenant.”





Parson’s cleared his throat. “It’ll be taken care of by the end of the week.”





“Goodbye, Lieutenant.” He disconnected.





He moved back to sit behind his desk. In deep concentration he searched for the number to St. Bartholoma in his address book. He should really use the contacts option on his computer but was convinced that the entire system would someday crash and he’d be without that one important phone number when needed at the most critical moment.





He hadn’t slept well the night before; for more than the obvious reasons. He couldn’t stop thinking of Martier’s memory loss. When she somehow determined that she already knew how to swim, she just seemed to accept it without question. But skills don’t just drop down out of the sky to be accepted without question. However, that is exactly what she seemed to do. He finally located the number and dialed the school.





“Hello, this is Sister Louise. How may I help you?” The frown returned to his face. Sister Louise. That’s the one that had kicked her out like so much trash, made up some bogus reason. Still he couldn’t muster up much anger towards her; their loss had been his gain. But more than that, Tim sensed that the Sister had not acted maliciously and seemed to have true feelings for Martier. Still, how many orphaned, damaged and frightened girls had the school just pushed out into the world?





“Sister. This is Tim Singleton-”





“Mr. Singleton! I actually just wrote you a letter of thanks. Did you receive the receipts and IRS form? I sent them-”





“Oh yes, I got those a while back-”





“Mr. Singleton, you have no idea how much your gift has helped our school. I hope you don’t have a problem with the amount? I’m aware that the value of your donation is much less than what you actually paid for the items. But I believe they gave an excellent-”





“No, I wasn’t calling about the donation. I was calling about Martier.”





Tim heard her sharp intake of breath. “Lord…nothing’s happened to her has it?” He could hear the fear in her voice which gave him a small sense of satisfaction, albeit cruel.





“No, nothing has happened to her; at least nothing damaging. She’s doing well at the job and seems to be getting along comfortably. The reason I called is more about her memories.”





There was a soft, relieved sigh. “Yes. She doesn’t remember her life before the school.”





“Do you know more about her past?”





“Not much. Let me pull a file.” He could hear her moving about. They were both on speaker phone; technology. “Okay, her father was Martin Besigye. He was a business owner and a man affiliated with the local government. I have no information about his exact position in the government. He had a wife and other children; the names and the number is unknown; just that Martier was the lone survivor.”





He took quick notes. “Do you remember what her…condition was when she first arrived? Had she been abused…?” Even while he asked that question his body tensed as if the answer had already been given.





“Sexually she was untouched.” Sister Louise shuffled some papers as most of the tension melted from Tim’s body. “She had been found at her home where unfortunately her family’s bodies were discovered. How long she was there alone with them is unknown. She was taken to the refugee camp where immediate arrangements were made for her to be brought here. Thankfully she already knew English, though we weren’t sure, she didn’t speak for several weeks.





Tim rubbed his face. God…as a child she’d witnessed her own family’s murder. No wonder her mind had closed out that time. Maybe…it was for the best.





“Did she speak to therapists or psychologists?”





“Well that’s not our way, Mr. Singleton. God is the only therapy you need.”





His brow gathered. “You have a mute six year old that stayed in a home with dead people—strike that—dead family members and God was supposed to reach down and fix that?” He knew he sounded more bitter than he should. He knew that some of what he just said was based on his own feelings of loss.





“Mr. Singleton…I understand that your faith might not be strong, but mine is. Martier turned out to be a lovely young woman; a lovely and pure woman. That is in no small part to God’s grace.”





Tim’s face burned slightly. “Yes. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…I recently loss my wife and-”





“Have you prayed?”





His face contorted. He had not intended this to be a discussion of his faith…or lack thereof. “Sister, I don’t want to take up anymore of your time. Is there anything else that I should know about Martier?”





“Well, as you can imagine, all property, money, etc. would have been confiscated…but…I always wondered if now, under the trials…”





“If what?”





“If maybe there is some additional information about her father’s fate.”





Tim rubbed his chin. “I’ll look into it, sister. I’ll definitely do that.”





There was a pause. “Mr. Singleton…I’m happy that you’re taking an interest in Martier’s welfare. But, you aren’t…?”





“No!” He said quickly.





“I wasn’t aware that your wife had passed on. If I had known…she’s an innocent.”





“Which is the reason that you shouldn’t have just kicked her out.”





“That’s not exactly fair, or accurate. I would have never forced her into the streets. But…she was afraid, Mr. Singleton.” He listened silently. “She didn’t want to leave. She stayed five years after she should have left. She knew that when she received her diploma she would need to make her life outside of the school. She received her diploma but had made no preparations to leave.





“That child will never grow into a woman if she lives here. I wanted her to…” Sister Louise paused. “Live life.” She whispered. “And several sisters offered to take her in. But then…she left them and that has worried me. Because she is an innocent and the world is hard. We try to give them the skills to succeed but we can’t prepare them for the hardness of the world when we ourselves have retreated from it.”





Tim let out a slow breath. He felt deflated.





“Mr. Singleton, I’m going to ask you this. Please look after her.”





“I have.”





“And take care with her.”





He rubbed his face. “I will.”





“She’s a child of God.”





Tim nodded. “I understand Sister. I’ll let you go. Thank you for the information.”





“If you need anything more; more information or…just council, please call me Mr. Singleton.”





Council. “Goodbye, Sister.” He hung up.





~***~





Martier had spent most of the day scribbling in her notebook; writing poems, and exploring her thoughts on paper. She read her words and then hugged the little notebook to her chest, reciting them by memory.





Close your eyes; let me kiss your lips

Touch your cheek with my fingertips

Tell you that I'm in love with you

And hear you say you love me too





When she wasn’t doing that she listened to classic rock and if a song she recognized played, she wondered if Tim liked it. She kissed him a thousand times in her mind and when the evening approached she thought about dinner with him. Maybe he would kiss her again.





When she heard his car drive up she dashed to the window and peeked out. She waited patiently, rearranged the few items in her cabinet, turned on the television but as the sun began to set, she snatched up her notebook and began to write;





Dear God,


Why won’t he come?





~***~





As soon as Tim drove up to Martier’s cottage Tuesday morning she came hurrying out of the small house. He didn’t have to blow, she must have been waiting right at the door.





“Good morning.” He said pleasantly.





She buckled up. “Good morning.” They rode in uncomfortable silence for a while and then Tim cleared his throat and Martier’s entire body came to attention. She waited quietly for him to speak.





“I meant to tell you that I spoke to that cop’s Lieutenant yesterday when I went in to work.”





She watched him silently, but now her posture stiffened. “What did he have to say?”





“Well he tried to say that he wasn’t acting racially biased-”





The air rushed out of Martier’s body. “I wasn’t doing anything but walking. There was nothing suspicious about that!”





He nodded and almost reached over for her hand. “I know, I know. Believe me, I let them know. That asshole-I mean…he’s going to be reassigned by the end of the week. He’s also going to be taking diversity classes and I wish I would have thought to have him give you a face to face apology.”





Her eyes widened and she shook her head frantically. “I don’t ever want to ever see that man again.”





He looked at her. “You won’t. The lieutenant assured me that no one will bother you and you can walk anywhere you want, Okay?”





The tension began to melt from her. “Okay.” She sighed. She believed it, too. She gave him a long look. “Thank you.”





Tim nodded.





Tim went straight to his office and sank into his chair. Riding in together had been hard. He had wanted to reach out and touch her hand. Wasn’t attraction based on sexual desire? He should want to pounce her bones and instead he just wanted to feel her hand in his.





He cursed. He was going straight to hell. Because…it wasn’t just sexual attraction and he knew it.





On the way home Martier wondered if they would eat dinner together. But he drove her straight to the cottage with a pleasant smile and a quick goodnight. She tried not to show her disappointment as she went into her house. Patience. The message light on the answering machine was blinking and she hurried to it. This was her first ever message!





Dhakiya was back from her trip and she had something to tell her. The ill-contained thrill in her best friend’s voice tipped her off to what the surprise might be. She called her back quickly.





“Dhakiya?! What?!”





“Sis…I’M ENGAGED!”





Both girls began screaming. “I knew it! Tell me everything!” Dhakiya described her magical weekend and the romantic engagement.





“You have to see the ring! Can I come over?”





“Yes! I want to see it. But bring your suit and we’ll swim for a while until your FIANCEE comes home.” They squealed and Dhakiya promised to be there within half an hour.





Martier heard the car pull up and rushed outside to meet her. She had already changed into her bathing suit and Dhakiya gave her a long wolf whistle. She circled the younger girl.





“I never thought I’d ever see you in public wearing something so skimpy.”





“Well what in the world did you’d expect I’d swim in?” She said, trying to sound confident and not slouch or cover her near nudity.





“A sack.” She ignored her and grabbed her hand in order to get a look at the ring.





“Beautiful…” She stared at the diamond ring for a long time. Then she hugged her friend. “I’m so happy for you.” They went inside and Martier had made tuna salad for dinner along with slices of tomatoes from the garden. They ate and Martier hesitantly told her about the innocent walk that she’d taken a few days before.





“I’m sorry I wasn’t here. And I’m really happy that your boss is a lawyer and can take care of such things.”





Martier’s slow smile kept growing and Dhakiya gave her a curious look. “Why are you looking like the cat that ate the canary?”





She couldn’t hold it in any longer. “I kissed him. We kissed each other. Oh Dhakiya, I had my first kiss!”





Dhakiya gasped. She covered her mouth and stood up. “You kissed your boss?”





Martier came to her feet. “No, not my boss, the man I love.”





“Oh my God…You didn’t go and fall in love with a rich white man.”





“What in the world does that have to do with anything?!”





“It has to do with everything. It has to do with why you couldn’t walk around this neighborhood. It has to do with why he’ll…” Dhakiya calmed herself and reached for the younger woman’s hands. “…why he’ll take the treasure that lies between your thighs, but he won’t give you what you most desire.”





“Tim is not like that. He let me live here without caring what others thought.”





Dhakiya just stared at her as if she was very very young. Martier quickly changed the subject and she explained about discovering that she could swim. Dhakiya shed her outer clothing down to a simple blue bathing suit. She was shapelier, her curves filling out her pretty bathing suit and she was every bit as beautiful as Martier.





They dragged the floating loungers from the shed and swam for a while; laughing, splashing and dunking each other the way they had never been able to do as children. As the sun disappeared and the day became night, the outside lights came on and Dhakiya looked around in surprise. It was so beautiful and she had to admit that her friend had really lucked out.





“So…what was this kiss like?” She asked reluctantly yet curiously.





They were lazing in the loungers, their fingers and feet trailing along the surface of the water. Martier checked to make sure that Dhakiya wasn’t going to make fun of her. She saw only open curiosity.





Martier closed her eyes and smiled. “I never dreamed that a kiss could feel so wonderful.” Even in the dark Dhakiya could see the excitement in her eyes. “His touch was so tender. I…” She giggled in embarrassment. “I wrapped my arms and legs around him like a fool.” Dhakiya covered her mouth and giggled.





“I screamed the first time a man ever kissed me. It overwhelmed me.” She admitted, still giggling.





“Yes! I hung on to him because I had to. I wanted to touch him and hold him and couldn’t get close enough!” She sat up and almost fell off of her floatee. “Is that how it is when…” She looked around discreetly. “Is that how it is when you…make love?” She whispered.





Dhakiya was grinning. “I was wondering when you would ask me about making love.” Martier was embarrassed but she was more curious than ashamed of the topic. “It’s like when you touch yourself but magnified by THREE…no TEN!”





Martier’s expression was open and accepting but a crease had formed between her eyes as she watched her friend wordlessly. Dhakiya did sit up then.





“Sis…don’t tell me that you still have not touched yourself?”





Martier looked back at the house to make sure Tim was nowhere in sight. She whispered quickly. “How can I when Sister Callista is always there?!”





The older woman stared at her. “You’re telling me that you’ve never masturbated?”





“Shhh!” She looked around embarrassed. “No.” She whispered again. Not intentionally anyways. But since kissing Tim, sometimes when she relived it her body would throb. And sometimes the feeling would become so intense that she would lose her breath and would have to press her thighs together until it stilled.





“You’ve been living free from the Sister’s watchful eyes. So now what’s your excuse?”





Martier lay back down so that she wouldn’t have to look at her friend while they talked about this practice that was supposedly taboo. She knew Dhakiya’s position on it but she was still unsure about her own. “You make it seem as if everyone does it. Some don’t need that.”





“Tell that to yourself the next time you’re fantasizing about the man.” She snickered.





Martier gasped and then sat up and swept water at her friend. Dhakiya shrieked and of course did the same to Martier until they were out of the lounger and splashing and chasing each other.





Tim watched them from his bedroom; not like he was spying or anything, though he was partially obscured by the curtain. Okay, he was completely obscured by the curtains. But when he had heard the car drive up he’d gone to the kitchen to investigate and had seen Martier’s friend from the window.





The two were lively and it made him feel good to see them bring activity to the place. He’d gone back to his dinner of cold cuts and beer and then his workout. He thought he heard Martier scream and he dropped the weight and dashed to the kitchen and was almost to the door when he realized that she was laughing. After that he kept checking…just in case one of them drowned.





~***~





If she had already claimed this man as her own then all that she did with him would be fine—because she intended there would be no one but him. If it were his fingers that she imagined tracing the shaved flesh between her thighs then it was fine. If she ran her fingers over her nipples and they grew hard because she imagined it were his fingers than there could be no wrong in that…no judgment if she cried out his name breathlessly when the pleasure overtook her. And then of course no shame when her body glowed and her lips smiled at her own imagination.





CHAPTER 22





The next day as they drove to work Martier talked about her friend’s engagement and their swim that had lasted until nearly ten pm. She seemed happy and animated and this is the way he wanted her to be.





She wondered if Tim would come to the wedding with her if she invited him. But that was far in the future. By then he would know that she had put his name out into the universe and claimed him as her own. She went about her duties; making the coffee and then checking for messages while humming happily to herself.





He had client meetings today and sent her out to get lunch. She took hers downstairs with Claudette and the girls.





“Did you wear your new bathing suit this weekend?” Claudette asked innocently.





Martier’s eyes grew large before she remembered to mask her emotion. “Um…yes.”





Claudette sniffed and hid a smile. Martier was just relieved that she didn’t ask for details.





She soon left the ladies so that she could check for messages and as she was getting on the elevator she saw Karl. Karl French. He was the man that had flirted with her so blatantly the week before. He was getting off and when he saw her he turned right back around and got back in with her.





“Hello there pretty lady.”





Martier hid her grin. He looked very nice. His suit was not traditional like the ones that Tim and the partners wore; suits with superb lines and never off the rack. Karl’s suit was equally superb but with more of a trendy flair. The fit seemed tighter, the legs slimmer, the fabric was bold; and it all seemed to work for him.





“Please tell me that you forgot my name and that the reason you didn’t call me for lunch had nothing to do with me being horribly distasteful.”





“Neither.” She pressed the button for her floor. “You are Karl French.” He looked impressed that she had remembered his name.





“And you are Martier Besigye.” And now she was impressed that he had remembered. “And about that lunch…?”





She stepped out of the elevators and turned to him as the door opened. Couldn’t he see that she had already set herself to another? Wasn’t it in her face? Didn’t she have a special vibe now that she was in love? She’d seen it in others. She gave him a soft smile.





“No. I have to decline. I’m sorry.” Karl clutched his heart in a show of good-natured disappointment as the doors closed.





Martier walked back to her office still grinning. Even if you had set yourself to another, it still felt good to have a handsome man flirt with you.





Jakob Marx and Tim were just exiting the office. They hadn’t seen her approach and Jakob was smiling in that way that people have when they are speaking candidly.





“Ok, sir. We’ll see you two tonight. Oh and this serves as your heads up; Elaina plans to invite you and Priscilla to dinner this weekend.”





“Oh for fucks sake, Jakob. When will your wife stop trying to manipulate my love life?” Tim said in annoyance.





“Dating a rich, attractive woman who incidentally has huge knockers isn’t all it’s cracked up to be, then?”





“Jakob…” Tim said sharply as his eyes finally fell on Martier. Jakob turned and saw the pretty assistant watching them as if she was unsure. Oh right, the girl from the convent. He’d said knockers. Oops.





“I’ll see you two tonight.” He said as he clapped his friend affectionately on his back. “Hello Martier.” He said as he passed her. She ducked her head in something like a nod and stammered something that might have been hello.





Tim’s face had gone a shade of pale as he watched her. She quickly took her seat and wouldn’t meet his eyes. She busied herself with putting her things into her cubby. His brain was trying to form an explanation before he remembered that he didn’t have to. Yes, they’d kissed. But he had been the one to stop it and he had been the one to say that they shouldn’t. Didn’t that expunge him from guilt? He’d made no promises…





Well was he supposed to be alone forever?! Wasn’t he doing her a favor? She was 23 and her future was wide open. She would fall in love, get married and have a family. Tim’s chest felt tight at the idea of that. He’d wanted that once upon a time. But it wasn’t too late for her. And he would be damned if he would be a desperate older man trying to cling to her!





“I’ll be in my office.” He said while pointing to his office.





She finally looked at him. There were shadows in her face that he’d never seen before. Her beautiful bowed lips were downcast.





“I understand.” She said softly.





He went into his office and shut the door, searching his mind for the hidden meaning behind those words.





~***~





She had no idea how she made it through the day. She felt completely numb. Her mouth moved when she answered the phone and when the clients were no longer there she supposed it was an indication that she had provided the correct service.





Tim worked in his office for the remainder of the day. His phone lit up several times indicating that he had called someone and she could tell that his private line had rang several times bypassing her phone. Was he talking to her? The lady that he was going out with tonight; Priscilla. Rich, white Priscilla with huge knockers?





Well that meant Priscilla was everything that she was not. Her stomach tumbled and she felt like crying only that was dumb. You don’t cry over a man that was never yours in the first place.





Tim spoke quietly into the phone. He didn’t want Martier to overhear his conversation. “Tim I have the information you wanted. I just emailed it to you.”





“Thanks Nick.” Nick was in records. A lawyer like Tim didn’t have to do his own research. He set people like Nick on it and they got him what he wanted. Nick had done it in just a few hours.





His computer sounded letting him know that he had received a new email. He pulled up the file on Martin Besigye. He read silently. Apparently the man was thirty-three when he was killed while awaiting trial. He owned a failing coffee farm and worked in one of many administration offices in Kigali. He hadn’t been the head of the office, just a worker in a place called the Kicukiro District.





He wasn’t an official.





He was just a government worker. Probably doing something like processing mail at the local post office, or doing housekeeping in a hospital, or any number of mundane tasks that a government worker might perform.





Except for one thing. On a day in April 1994 Martin Besigye was instructed to join the Interahamwe and to kill his Tutsi neighbors. His confession contained a statement that he had been forced to kill by his employers or risk he and his family’s execution.





Tim sat back in his chair. What if someone came in to his office right now, put a gun in his hand and ordered him to shoot every green eyed person he saw. And what if they told him that they would take away everyone he loved if he didn’t…





Tim blinked his eyes. And that is what had happened to Besigye.





The file indicated he’d had 4 children but they didn’t provide names or ages. It did list the name of his wife; Benitha. Had she been as beautiful as her daughter? Most assuredly she had. He wished there was more but the file was thin. He sighed and picked up his phone. He called Chuck Bertke who worked with a different firm. Bertke focused mainly on International law and was in a much larger establishment. Of course they didn’t handle the small time things that his firm did, but at times they needed help in local matters and it is how he and Chuck had met and become friends.





They chatted for a while, and Chuck gave the obligatory condolences, even though he’d come to the funeral. Tim thanked him absently and dove into the reason for his call. Chuck listened intently.





“So you want to see if there is any way that your client can get her father’s court records, as well as any information on family, relatives, etc? Tim you should just send her over to Hardwick, Lyons and Pumpernell. This is the kind of stuff we deal with everyday-”





“Well…she’s not a client. She’s a friend.”





“I see. Well…you’re going to have to do a trade-out on this one, Buddy. This is going to take some man hours.”





“Definitely. Log the hours and we’ll match them.”





Chuck liked the sound of that. His work was complex but Tim’s firm knew the local judges and sometimes things moved smoothly when they went through his firm instead.





Chuck had warned him that it could take some time and he decided that he wouldn’t mention any of this to Martier yet; especially not now when things were so screwy. When things went back to the way they were before that wonderful but ill-fated kiss then he’d tell her the things he’d discovered.





~***~





The ride home was quiet; absolutely no talking except when the two politely said good night after Tim dropped Martier off at her cottage.





She hurried into the cottage and then threw herself into her bed. She didn’t pull herself out of it for several hours and by then her pillow was wet with her tears.





Tim was in a sour mood as he prepared for his first date in over twenty years. But he decided that he would not think in the terms of “date” but in the terms of just hanging out with old friends and a new one. Why was that so complicated?





He left earlier enough to get the car detailed and then drove into Priscilla’s neighborhood. It was filled with historic homes, old money homes. When he came upon the huge Mediterranean house he was impressed. He hadn’t bothered to find out much about Priscilla’s ex-husbands but he now wondered who these men were. He rang the bell at just after six and a maid answered. He was led into an austere sitting room filled with furniture that had spindly legs; French, and authentic. No knock-off antiques here.





Priscilla came in a few moments later and her dress took all of his attention. It was a blue, shimmery spaghetti strapped dress that met her knees, flowing as she walked. The top plunged and he didn’t think she was wearing a bra. Damn. He met her eyes and smiled.





“Priscilla, you look beautiful, as usual.” They kissed on the cheek and she took a step back to admire him.





“Thank you. Would you like a drink Tim or would you like to head out?”





“No, I’m fine.” He looked around. “You have a fantastic house.”





“Well…it’s pretty big for a single woman. My son Monty still uses one of the wings but…” She shrugged her shoulders. Tim knew that he could have asked her how long she had been single and he could make attempts to get to know her better but he didn’t.





“We can leave now.” She had a shawl and handed it to him to drape over her shoulders. When he did he noted that indeed, she was not wearing a bra but her breasts were so fake that they didn’t or couldn’t move. Tim decided that he liked breasts that he could actually touch with no fear of explosion.





During the ride to the theater, Priscilla asked him questions and Tim couldn’t seem to stop answering with Corrine and I, or we. He would cringe every time he did it but it would continue to slip out. She asked if he had any children, though she most surely had to know that that he didn’t. He had answered with, “Corrine and I were unable to have children.” She asked what religion he was and he said, “Corrine and I went to a Baptist church sometimes but I don’t really prescribe to a specific religion.”





“I’m so sorry about your loss, Tim.”





He glanced at her and smiled. “I’ve been in a partnership with one person for so long that it’s strange to do things as a single. Of course you have an idea about that with your divorce. Were you married long?”





“Five years to my last husband. We didn’t…part on friendly terms so I only feel relief to be single.” She gave him a downcast look. “It does get lonely. Well sometimes you just miss things like hearing a man’s voice, or going out to dinner with someone.”





“I’ve become adept at filling the lonely hours with work.”





“Tim there’s no need for you to fill your lonely hours with work. You should give me a call when you wish for company, and maybe I can do the same.”





He felt a touch of panic. She call him? No. He changed the subject. “What do you do?”





“Do?”





“For a living?”





She laughed. “I thought we were still talking about us both being single and you were asking me something naughty.”





He felt a flush creep up his face. “No…I meant…”





She touched his arm. “I’m kidding. Relax. It’s just a date.”





He blew out a tense breath. “I’m sorry Priscilla.” He was shaking his head. “And you’re right.” He smiled. “Let’s just have fun, okay?”





She smiled. “Okay.”





They met Elaina and Jakob and had a glass of wine before the show, however they weren’t able to sit together since they had purchased their tickets separately. They met again at intermission and while Elaina and Priscilla went to the powder room, Tim gave his friend a pained look.





“God of Carnage isn’t a war story…”





Jakob rocked on his heels and gave him an equally grim look. “As I’ve discovered.” He sipped his wine. “But it is becoming progressively more violent.”





“But I don’t suppose it will end with any eye gouging.”





“No.” Jakob shook his head. “Not at the Aronoff Theater; maybe at the Taft Theater. But women eat this kind of shit up.”





He supposed that was true. Would Martier like this? Would she like the ballet? Would she like seeing a live band? Would she like to dance?





“Earth to Tim.” He blinked and looked at his friend. “I was asking you how’s it going with Priscilla?”





“Oh, sorry. I zoned out for a minute.” He took a deep breath. “Uh…I suppose I should feel something. I don’t. But the thing is…I don’t think I want to feel anything.”





Jakob gave him a thoughtful look before nodding. “I’ll be sure to relay that to my wife.” The ladies returned at that time and after a few more moments of chatting, returned to their seats. Afterwards they walked the short distance to Jeff Ruby’s Steakhouse, chatting about the play. Tim decided that despite the deceptive name it had redeemed itself.





“Wasn’t expecting the vomit scene at the end.” He said.





“Oh my God,” Priscilla said. Tim looked at her and decided that the next thing that came out of her mouth would determine whether he liked her or whether he had no interest in her. “that was so funny I thought I was going to pass out!” Tim smiled. Like.





It was late when he finally pulled into his garage; after midnight. He sat in his car a moment just thinking. After he’d driven Priscilla home, he agonized over whether or not to kiss her goodnight. He had decided on a quick one, the way he would kiss Elaina. But it didn’t quite turn out that way. Priscilla’s lips moved against his and returned the kiss and instead of breaking it then he lingered…





Before he knew it they were kissing and Priscilla said, “You can come in, Tim.”





He’d thought about it. He’d thought about the feel of a woman; burying himself inside of one after so long. But it wasn’t Priscilla’s face he pictured. It was the image of the way Martier’s arms had gone around him, and then her legs, capturing him against her. Not in a bold way, but in a needful way. He had understood that because it was the way he had felt. He had needed to hold her and kiss her. Yes, he’d wanted to make love to her, but he also wanted to just…hold her.





Kissing Priscilla did not come remotely close to what it had been like to kiss Martier. Had he not just kissed a woman that had set his heart soaring then he might have been interested in falling into Priscilla’s bed. But that had not been the case.





Tim finally pulled himself out of his car and he headed straight to his room. He needed to get up early and he was exhausted, mentally drained and physically aroused by thoughts of a girl that he couldn’t have. But he knew one thing, something that he would no longer deny; a kiss is a promise. He’d kissed Martier and wronged her by pretending that it had meant nothing. It had meant everything.





~***~





Tim hadn’t come home until well after midnight. She knew this because try as she might, she couldn’t fall asleep until she heard his car. When she looked at the clock her stomach fell. She realized that this had not been a casual date. Tim had court the next day and to get back so late meant that he’d be tired. Everything revolved around court; being prepared, having his suits back from the laundry, getting lunch brought in so that he could concentrate on the case…and being rested.





Squeezing her eyes closed she chastised herself. You should have never worn that bathing suit. You should have never tried to entice him. He isn’t meant for you. Someone else has already claimed this man…and he has claimed her. She rubbed away the last few tears that seeped from her tightly closed eyes and tried to sleep.





The next morning she checked for puffy red eyes and then waited for Tim to drive up to her cottage so that she could dash out before he blew the horn. When she heard his engine she put on her game face.





“Good morning.” She said with a smile as she slipped into her seat and fastened her safety belt. Tim had a strained expression but when she spoke it seemed to smooth out some.





“Good morning.”





“What time do you have to be at court?” She could just check his schedule for that information but it was her way of making small talk.





He sighed. “This is one of those days where I’ll be there all day.” He turned the car and pulled out of the drive. “I’ll be leaving the office at 9 am.”





She cleared her throat. “You don’t have to worry about bringing me home. My friend from the school and I are going out.” She said, the lie leaving her lips more easily than a lie had ever left them before.





He didn’t speak for a moment. Tim had wanted to talk to her but he didn’t want to do it at work. He wasn’t even sure exactly what he wanted to say, he just knew that he’d disappointed her and he could no longer pretend that he hadn’t.





“Oh. Ok. Just…call me on my cell if you change your mind.” He would contact human resources as soon as possible to have her placed on the company account for her own cell phone. He would need access to his assistant both during and after work hours, he rationalized. And besides…what if she came up against an emergency? Every since that police officer had picked her up Tim worried more and more about her being out and about on her own. She was so innocent and he was a lawyer that worked with the worst of the worst. He knew how bad the streets could be.





He relaxed as he drove, happy that they could chat like before. But he wouldn’t forget that they needed to have a real talk.





At the office, Martier went about her duties; made the coffee, checked the messages and updated the schedule. She took a few minutes to hurry down to the busy café and got donuts for them; her treat. He tried to give her money and she just shrugged it away mumbling something dismissive.





He didn’t have much time and recited to her a list of duties as he gathered his things and prepared to leave.





“Good luck.” She called after him.





He nodded and hurried away. Martier breathed a sigh of relief and then went about the rest of her duties with no distractions. Later, after she had gotten a handle on the work that had piled up for her after her long weekend she pulled up the firm’s directory. Her name was there under Tim’s and with the word assistant. Normally she would have smiled but she couldn’t manage to pull one out of her pocket now that Tim was gone and she didn’t have to force it.





She found the name that she had been searching for and tried to think of what she should say. Did it really matter? She dialed the number to Karl French’s private line.





“This is Karl.” He answered talking in a rapid, distracted voice. Martier hesitated.





“Hi Karl. This is Martier.” There was a pause and then the male’s voice had lost the business tone.





“Martier?! I am genuinely pleased to hear from you.” He didn’t sound like he was lying and she relaxed some, but thinking, ‘sometimes he sounds pleased to hear from someone but it’s not genuine...’





“I hope I’m not bothering you-”





“No, never. Hey, it’s nearly lunch. Why don’t we go out and have a bite-”





“Well I can’t today but I was going to ask you if you’d like to get together tomorrow?” She realized that she had twisted the phone cord around her finger nervously and quickly untwined it.





“Tomorrow sounds great. Noon?”





“Noon is…noon is fine.” She tried to sound like she did things like this every day; make dates with handsome attorneys.





“Great, Martier. I’ll see you tomorrow, then.”





“Okay. Bye Karl.” She hung up the phone but couldn’t seem to muster up a feeling of joy. Quickly she grabbed her bag and headed for Claudette’s desk, which was on the opposite side of the expansive workspace. The older woman was engrossed in her typing and was startled at the sight of the younger woman standing before her desk.





She placed her hand on her chest. “You scared me! And why are you grinning like the cat that caught the…mouse?” She grinned. “Did you catch the mouse?”





Her smile faltered but she replaced it quickly. “No mice, and I’m smiling because I want to do some clothes shopping at lunch.”





Claudette leaned forward still thinking that she knew something that wasn’t there to know. “Would this include any sexy lingerie?” She whispered.





“No!” Martier looked away trying not to appear every bit like the naïve little virgin that she actually was. She took a deep breath. “I like Corrine’s clothes. But…I have my own look and I haven’t really discovered it yet.”





Claudette gave her an understanding look. “Right. You want me to help you find your own individual look?”





“Maybe you can get me started in the right direction?”





Claudette quickly tapped out something on her computer. “Sugar, you ain’t said nothing but a word!” She jumped out of her seat. “Give me a sec. I need to tell Aaron I’m going out.” She dashed to the office that belonged to her boss Aaron Rangbo. It was a set up similar to Tim and Martier’s except the area was decorated differently.





Claudette knocked on the door quickly and poked her head in without waiting for an invitation. “I’m headed out to lunch now. I’ll be back in a couple of hours. Don’t forget you have a staff meeting at two and your notes are in your planner.”





“Wait, don’t dash off so quick.” She heard a man’s low voice. Claudette stepped into the office and closed the door discreetly but not before she heard him speak. “I want to see you tonight.”





Martier couldn’t help it, her mouth opened in total surprise; Claudette and Aaron Rangbo?! She couldn’t believe it! The door opened and she quickly wiped the alarmed look from her face and pretended to be looking at the nicely decorated area.





Claudette grinned. “Let’s go. And we’re not walking, we’re taking my car.”





It wasn’t that Martier was judging Claudette but Aaron was so drab compared to her lively friend. And there was a big age difference. Wow…it was the same age difference that existed between her and Tim; twenty plus years…





She was curious but it wasn’t her business and she decided not to probe into her friend’s love life, especially since she’d never brought it up. Martier climbed into a nice BMW and thought how great it would be to have a car; especially now that she’d decided to depend less and less on Tim. She needed to distance herself from him. She didn’t want to stop working with him. She loved her job and she loved her little house but the rides to and from work would have to end, as would the after work dinners and weekend chill out sessions. Besides, chances were that he’d be doing those things with someone else. There was no blame in it. He wasn’t doing anything wrong. She had.





He’d told her no and in her brain it hadn’t meant no. Now she understood; there was never going to be a Martier and Tim. Period.





She swallowed past the lump in her throat and focused on the future and not the terrible mistake she’d made. After a short drive they pulled up to a large mall with a huge red and white water tower in front that said FLORENCE Y’ALL. Martier got out the car realizing that they were in Kentucky now, which was just a few minutes from Downtown Cincinnati. They shopped with a purpose and were back in the garage not two hours later. In that time she had found a style that was purely her own and it hadn’t cost her thousands of dollars.





Martier went back to work humming to herself. She checked Tim’s messages, updated his schedule and had all of her duties completed by the end of the day. She then grabbed her two shopping bags and left work.





She always called Dhakiya or she called Claudette, but she had yet to enjoy the city on her own. She was curious and decided to poke around a bit now that she had time to linger. Martier discovered that window shopping was actually more fun when you had money to spend. She wasn’t rich by most standards but she’d been able to save a tidy sum that didn’t have to go towards rent.





She had dinner at a fast food restaurant, found a shop that specialized in black hair care products and got well needed help in finding the right hair creams to tame her wild curls. Several people tried to sell her bootleg movies, tapes and knock-off purses. She owned the real things and could immediately spot the difference. She found an African shop that sold incense and oils to burn and became excited with the smells and the subtle African music piped in over speakers.





The people were friendly when they saw that she freely spent money but it was getting dark and the streets were becoming less populated. She had too many bags to be walking around the city streets alone and asked the shopkeeper in the African store to call her a cab.





He told her that he’d call her a bootleg cab driven by his brother who wouldn’t charge her as much as a regular cab company. She agreed and soon a man drove up in just a regular car. She gave the friendly shop keeper a nervous look but after some brief encouragement, got into the unknown car with a stranger as she tried to determine just what she’d do if he turned out to be a maniac.





He wasn’t a maniac and got her home for only fifteen dollars. She accepted a card with his name and phone number on it and promised she’d call him whenever she needed a cab. Martier didn’t want him to pull into the drive-way and got out at the curb. He whistled long as he admired the house and she lied and told him yes when he asked if she worked here. It was just less complicated that way.





It was a little after seven and she glanced at the main house as she hurried around to the back. The lights were on; Tim was home. She mentally shook herself when she remembered his protective arm around her when the police officer had questioned her. As she passed the pool she envisioned his lips on hers and the feel of their wet bodies pressed together. She grimaced.





CHAPTER 23





Tim had come home and hit the treadmill. It had been a long day and he was beat. He swilled back a bottled water and dropped onto the couch still wet from the sweat of his workout. He yawned and thought about getting into the shower but had fallen asleep before actually making it happen. It was nearly ten pm when he woke.





He sniffed his pits and looked out the kitchen window. Martier’s lights were on. He wondered what time she’d gotten home. The light on his cell phone was flashing and he checked his messages. Priscilla had called.





He checked it quickly. She’d invited him to dinner. Damn…She’d enjoyed their date. He sighed. A kiss is a promise. And he’d made that promise to two women, hadn’t he? He scratched his head and dialed her number before he lost his courage.





“Hi, I hope it’s not too late.” He tried to sound pleasant but not too pleasant. “I just got your message.”





“Tim, no. I’m happy you called. I wasn’t in bed.”





“I uh…had fun with you yesterday…”





“I did too, Tim.”





“I uh…wanted to tell you that I think that you’re a wonderful person-lady…and…but I don’t think I’m ready for…um…” He struggled for the right word.





“A relationship?” She filled in softly.





“Uh…yes. I’m not ready for a relationship.” But that was a lie. Because he thought that he might be ready. He couldn’t tell her that there was a woman that he’d met and this woman had taken up every bit of free thought that he had. This woman made him want to wake up in the morning and actually live…not just get by. There was a purpose; he could see the beauty in the world again and enjoy the sound of music, he could allow himself to feel more than pain.





“Tim I realize that you haven’t been a widower for long; it hasn’t even been a year yet. This must be a very difficult time. But I think…you’re someone worth waiting for. And when the time is right for you-”





OH GOD…she wasn’t offering to wait for him?? He grimaced. He had to do this cleanly. He ran his hand through his hair and it felt oily and slightly wet.





“That is a really nice thing for you to say but…I don’t really want you to do that.”





“Oh.”





“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it to sound like…” He was at a loss for words. Yeah, he did mean it to sound like that. “I guess I better go. Goodnight Priscilla.”





“Tim, you take care.” He paused.





“You too, Priscilla.” He hung up the phone feeling relieved. That had been hard. Hopefully the next discussion he had with a woman would be a lot more pleasant. He smiled to himself as he got into the shower.





It was much too late to even consider going to Martier’s so he went to bed with an idea of just what he’d say to Martier Besigye. Tim smiled to himself and couldn’t seem to stop even while he slept and he had wonderful dreams about a wonderful girl.





Martier’s dark eyes were troubled as she read the words that she had written just a few short days ago in her notebook. She looked out the window into the darkness of the night. Her eyes felt dry; too dry. The crease between her brow grew more prominent as she picked up her pen and began to scribble into the notebook.





Dear God;


and here i sit

i only seem to be

always on the outside

never in focus

what i think

what i feel

i do not understand

i ask the question

where does the answer lie?

is it within me?

am i supposed to wait?

the longing

the burning

always there

i hunger

i thirst

the food does not fill me

the water does not quench

so here i sit

alone





CHAPTER 24





Martier slipped into Tim’s car and gave him a brief smile. “Good morning.”





He watched her with a brighter smile. “Good morning.”





“How was court yesterday?” She asked and they made comfortable small talk. As they walked into the office still chatting, Tim noted that she was wearing a new summer jacket and new clothes beneath it. He knew her entire wardrobe, and not just because it had once belonged to his wife, he just knew.





“Martier,” he said suddenly. But then he just stopped.





“Yes, Tim?”




His face reddened slightly. “Never mind.” After work Tim, he told himself. He went into his office, hung up his coat, sat in his chair and allowed his eyes to rest on the pictures that sat on his desk. His brow gathered and he felt a surprised jolt as he stared at the same frozen smile that he had stared at every single day that he sat in this office.



It suddenly occurred to him that the image of the past was but a mere second of his existence, now captured for all times as a one-sided reminder of something that could never ever return. He choked back a strangled sound. He couldn’t…he couldn’t look at that same unchanging picture…their frozen smiles…a ‘Corrine’ and ‘Tim’ that no longer existed. With shaky hands Tim reached out and quickly grabbed the photos and urgently thrust both of them into his desk drawer.




Why had it taken him this long to realize that those photos were haunting him?





Martier brought his coffee and immediately noticed the missing photos from his desk. She met Tim’s eyes and realized that he was watching her closely.





She was wearing a simple wrap around dress. There wasn’t anything fancy about it. It was brown and she had on black pumps. Her gold crucifix was her only jewelry besides small gold hoops in her ears. But somehow she made it look awesome.





“Do you need anything before you head off to court?” She asked. He quickly shook his head and cleared his throat.





“No. Um…yeah, can you get with Claudette about booking reservations for the conference next month?”





Martier gave him a confused look. “Conference?”





“Oh.” Right, how would she know about the annual conference? “Once a year we go to New York for a three day conference Wednesday thru Friday. Generally we set arrival time Wednesday afternoon and return Sunday morning. The ladies generally like having time to shop and what-not.”





The ladies…She straightened her back. “How many did you want me to book for you, Tim?” She said, thinking about Priscilla with the mysterious face but an image of a huge ‘rack’ burned into her imagination.





He gave her a surprised look. “Just two; for you and me. I’m sorry…I guess I’m distracted today.” He looked down at the file that he had yet to open. “The conference is for the attorneys AND their assistants.”





“Oh.” She was going to New York? New York?! She smiled.





“Is it okay?” He said. Everyone always looked forward to it. Corrine included.





“Yes.” She nodded enthusiastically.





“Claudette will help you. Please run everything by her. I’ll be back later. I’ll have to make some client calls and I’m going to need you to fax the petition for adoption and there are five motions I need faxed no later than noon. We should be done by quitting time. Maybe we can stop at the grocers on the way home-”





Martier’s mouth opened and her eyes darted away from his. “I-I’m going to mass tonight, straight from work.”





“I can drop you off-”





“I already have a ride.”





Tim smoothed his hand over the folder on his desk. “Oh.”





“I better get back to work.”





He reached for his coffee with a frown. She was avoiding him.





Martier wished Tim good luck when he left for court. She faxed the required documents, filed the motions, typed the client letters and then checked the time wondering if she had time to get with Claudette about the New York trip before noon.





New York, for free! Even if she had to work it didn’t matter. She was going to New York! She decided that she’d shoot her friend an email instead. She’d get with Claudette after lunch. Now her belly was twisting and turning. Maybe she should go to the restroom and check her appearance.





Martier stared at herself in the mirror. She slowly reached up and removed the pins from her hair. The hair care products that had been sold to her by the Asian’s had done wonders in taming her curls. Her hair no longer looked like a lion’s mane. She finger combed it and then fluffed it into place. Her dark curls ran down her back completely frizz free. Hmm, she should have had that when she’d tried everything from Baby oil, to body lotion to tame her locks.





She checked out her slender body and made sure that her bra wasn’t peeking out from the folds of the dress. Claudette had thrust four pretty bras into her hands and she was happy because the dress had a low neckline and she wouldn’t want anyone to get a peek at one of her old white bras.





She returned to her desk nervously and wondered what she’d do if Karl didn’t show up. Well that wasn’t to be the case. He was standing at her desk at 11:58.





“Hi there, beautiful.” Her face warmed. And then she took in his perfect appearance. Karl was no slouch in the looks department. He wore a simple black suit with a thin tie. His tighter pants made him look very hip and it didn’t hurt that he had a nice body to showcase it. She stood up…too bad he was a good four inches shorter than her.





He didn’t seem to notice, or he liked her height. But she noticed.





“You look fabulous.”





“Thank you.” She beamed and grabbed her purse. They walked to the garage together and several people looked at the couple. She knew that she was far from the slouching convent girl that had worn ill-fitting navy skirts and squeaky shoes to work. Well at least on the outside she was different.




“And where would the pretty lady like to go for lunch?” He said once they were in the garage. She heard the chirp chirp sound as he disengaged the locks of a black Porsche. She gave him a look of respect. He couldn’t have been thirty and he was driving a Porsche.



He opened the door for her and she shook her head. “You decide.”



Once he was inside he studied her. “Do you like ethnic food? I know a great Indian Restaurant in Oakley. Have you ever been to Baba?”



“I’ve never had Indian.”



“Really?”



She smiled shyly. “But I like to try new things. If you’ll help me decide I’d like to try it.”



“Excellent!” He turned the radio on to jazz and she liked that he asked her if she liked jazz. She told him she did.



“So have you been in the states long, Martier? Your accent is very hard to place but I’ve heard African dialect spoken before.”



“I’ve lived in the states most of my life.” So that he wouldn’t think of asking her what part of Africa she was from she turned the tables and began asking him questions.



“What kind of law do you practice?”



“I work in Aaron Rangbo’s department as a tax attorney.”



“Oh! So you know Claudette.”



His face became closed. “That busybody. Yes I know her.”



Martier’s stomach sunk. “Busybody?”



“That one likes to poke her nose into everybody’s business. Since you’re new here I’ll give you some advice, stay far away from that one. Once she knows your business she spreads your business.”



Martier didn’t respond. Karl changed the subject and talked while Martier listened and they finally reached the small Indian restaurant. He placed his hand at the small of her back as he led her into the restaurant and she couldn’t help but to shiver at the contact.



After they were seated he stared deeply into her eyes and she became slightly uncomfortable. “Martier. I hope you don’t mind me asking but…have you ever modeled?”



She almost guffawed at that. “No!”



“Why are you laughing? You are absolutely gorgeous. Men must tell you that all of the time.”



She shook her head and looked down shyly. Perhaps if she had ever been allowed around men. Other than the Priest and such or professionals, Martier had rarely been in the company of males. Sitting across from Karl was a first for her…well other than Tim. And this was…well it was like a date, wasn’t it?



The waiter came and Karl helped her to order. He suggested chicken tiki masala and aloo nan bread. He promised to share his aloo gobhi with her after determining that she liked cauliflower. After that they talked at length about ethnic foods and she could tell that Karl liked trying new things just as she did.



He hesitantly offered to take her to a Korean restaurant for kimchee. She didn’t say yes, but she didn’t say no, only that it sounded interesting. When the food came she found it very good and spicy. She even liked his spicy cauliflower and potatoes dish. He also had chicken curry and she decided that she liked Indian very much. It wasn’t much different from the food that she still remembered eating as a child in Africa.



They couldn’t linger and headed back to the office. He took her hand gently as he led her back to her cubicle.



“Thank you for a lovely lunch.” She grinned like a fool when he kissed her hand. Tim’s door opened just when Karl lowered her hand. He looked from one to the other.



“Karl.” He said.



“Hello Tim.” Karl responded.



“How’s it going?”



“Much better now,” he said while looking at Martier. Tim gave Martier a surprised look and then felt a twinge of anger.



“Martier when you’re…through here, please come into my office.” Tim ignored Karl as he returned to his office, closing the door behind him.



~***~



Karl? He looked ridiculous standing next to her. She towered over him for god’s sake! Tim paced his office. Was she with him last night? And was he the one that was going to take her to mass tonight? Well why hadn’t she ever asked him to take her? He felt his stomach take a nosedive. Shit, he’d screwed this up royally. He’d pushed her away.



Tim sighed and ruined his hair by running his fingers through it. He’d kissed her and then had gone out with another woman without ever acknowledging it. What an idiot! Tim, you’re an idiot. This girl looked at you like…you had the sum of all the answers in the universe and you go and…ruin it.



He sat down slowly in his chair and rubbed his cheek. Karl French; up and coming black attorney; smart, handsome, rich. She could do worse. She wasn’t just settling for the first guy to look her way, was she? He felt incredibly sad.



When Tim got home that evening he changed into jeans, biker boots and a leather jacket. He walked out to the garage and started his Harley. He hadn’t ridden in a few years. He drove it out into the drive-way and checked the gauges. Everything looked good. He dusted off the helmet and slipped it on his head before zooming off.



He rode into Kentucky and down Dixie Hwy. It made him sad. Corrine used to sit behind him, her delicate body molded along his back and he’d think about how much he couldn’t wait to get back home and make love to her.



He went faster.



He parked along the Ohio River and sat on his bike watching the sunset. The he drove to the Madd Crab and decided to have a few beers.



Martier returned home at a little before eight. The lights in Tim’s house were out. She walked by grimly. She hadn’t gone to mass. She had nothing to say to God. Instead she’d walked to the library. She decided to borrow some movies and music along with books. The movies all looked stupid; stories about spacemen, boogiemen, fast cars and drug dealers. She asked the librarian to pick something for her. The older woman had been happy to do so.



“Let’s stick with the classics. Do you like romances, mystery, suspense-?”



“All of the above--as long as there is nothing scary in it.” She didn’t think she could deal with watching a scary movie and then turning out the lights and seeing the shadows of the trees against her darkened walls.



The Librarian gave her a classic Alfred Hitchcock movie called Marnie, and another with Sidney Poitier called A Patch of Blue. Martier thanked the woman and after checking out a new romance novel she found a Mariam Makeba CD to listen to. She than called the African cab driver who again only charged her $15. She wondered if he would ever charge her more than that no matter where she was located.



She gave him a quick goodbye and hurried into her darkened house. She turned on the light in the kitchen, lit one of the scented candles and slipped in the Mariam Makeba CD. It played softly as she quickly sautéed some fresh vegetables with a chicken breast for her dinner. She kicked off her shoes and hummed to the beautiful music. Martier closed her eyes and danced to herself. This music…it was home. She couldn’t remember but she knew the feeling it brought. She decided that she would listen to African music every single day of her life.



It was after eleven before she climbed into her bed. She’d watched both movies and loved them, sobbing openly. Before climbing into bed she checked once more for Tim’s house lights. He still wasn’t home. Nodding she closed her eyes. Priscilla. Rich. White. Big rack.



~***~



Jakob was cursing when he saw the bike. It was 12:37 am. “Damnit Tim. It’s not Friday! And I can’t freaking drive a motorcycle with a drunk man on back.”



“I’m not drunk.” Tim slurred and weaved on his feet. The ground came crashing up to meet him. When he woke up again he was in a cab with Jakob. He touched his lip, split. He was a lot more sober now and tried to remember if he’d gotten into a fight this time.



“Where’s my bike?”



“Back at the bar.”



He knew better than to respond. Jakob was glaring out his window. What a shitty thing for him to do; get Jakob out of bed on a work night. But somehow he had gotten into his brain that it was Friday and well…still not a good excuse.



“I think I fucked up.” He mumbled and rubbed his face.



“You think?” Jakob responded sarcastically while turning to him.



His shoulders raised in concession. “I mean with Martier.”



“Martier?” Jakob’s brow furrowed. “What are you talking about?”



“I think I…have feelings for her.”



“Shit…don’t do that to her, Tim. From what you told me-”



“Don’t do what to her?”



“You don’t fuck with a girl like that, Tim!”



“I wasn’t going to do that! That’s what you do Jakob, not me.”



“It’s the same thing Tim!” He snapped. “Except the girls I’m with know the deal. That girl that lives in your back yard doesn’t. You won’t do that to her-!”



“I wasn’t…I’m not. Look if I just wanted that then I’d do like you and hire assistants for how big their tits are. And you’re fucking wrong if you think they all know the deal—some of them really think you love them, Jakob.”



They rode in silence all the way back to Tim’s house. Before he got out the cab, Tim reached into his wallet and pulled out enough money to cover the ride. As the cab drove off he looked at his best friend feeling sick but not from the alcohol.



“I’m sorry Jakob. I was out of line.”



Jakob made a face and finally turned to Tim. “Whatever.” He got into his car without waiting for Tim to enter the house and drove off. Tim cursed grimly. So this is what it felt like to lose Jakob’s friendship; like total shit.





CHAPTER 25



Tim again had family court for the entire day. Martier accepted another lunch date with Karl and it was Korean this time. He ordered something called ban chan to go along with the grilled meats and vegetables. She loved it, including the kimchee.



“You pack it away for such a small woman.” But his words were spoken with admiration. She found out a lot about him. He was 27, owned a $600,000 condo in the city. And he had a 4 year old son.



“His mother and I just didn’t work out. But I see him every other weekend and I get him two weeks in the summer.”



“That’s sad.” She said. He tilted his head at her. “I just mean that a little boy without his Daddy there.”



“I’m just a phone call away. But you are right. I’d love to have children with a woman who will actually stick around.” She gave him a rueful smile. He just watched her steadily. “Martier…would it be too forward if I asked you out to dinner tonight?”



“Tonight? Well, I’m not sure…”



“I know its short notice. But one of my favorite places to be in the summer is one of the Jazz in the Park sessions. It’s just some local talent. It’s real casual, jeans and things. We’d pull out the lawn chairs and listen to some good music for a while, have a few drinks…?”





It sounded like fun, and she needed to do things like that; make new experiences. But maybe Karl was moving too fast. And she wasn’t sure if she wanted him to know that she rented Tim’s guesthouse. Also, he didn’t like Claudette and she wanted to talk to her about it. Not that she wanted to say, “Hey, Claudette, Karl French doesn’t care for you.” But maybe there was a way to find out what that was all about.



“You seem in deep thought.” He said with a smile. “Anyone who has to think about it that hard really should just say yes. It will be fun and I promise not to keep you out too late.”



Martier smiled. “Okay. Yes, it sounds like fun.”



“Great. I can pick you up at about seven?”



She nodded. “Seven.”



She explained that she was renting Tim’s cottage, which required her to explain that she had just recently lived in a convent, which required her to explain that she had been left orphaned . And that is how your entire life story gets told in one afternoon, Martier thought.



Karl reached out and took her hand, offering it a quick squeeze before politely releasing it. He had a serious expression when he told her that he was sorry for her hardship. Then he smiled. “I hope that things for you are only up from this point on, hmm?”



She nodded. “Me too.”



Upon returning to the office she checked to make sure Tim wasn’t in, which he wasn’t then she left a message for Claudette that she’d need her help to get everything booked for the New York trip. Claudette showed up at her desk ten minutes later.



“I’m never at my desk, but I have my messages forwarded.” She explained. She came around Martier’s desk and sat down in the spare chair. “We’re going to have so much fun! New York is the big perk of being an assistant. They won’t really need us except to take care of little stuff at the end of the day. We can do whatever we want with a daily per diem. Ka-CHING!”



Martier laughed. “Well the firm has to be losing money on this trip. Why do they do it?”



Claudette shook her head. “Networking? They get lots of money and make mass connections. Plus it’s payment for all the hard work we do. Honey WE are Rangbo, Singleton, Bradbury and Marx, Attorneys at Law just as much as THEY are.”



Martier conceded to that. Short of passing the bar and going to court she did nearly everything for Tim. Claudette showed her how to use the company account to request a payment when you don’t have a credit card. Claudette saw something that made her brow move upward and she gave Martier a cheeky smile.



“Tim’s ordered you a cell phone.”



“Really?”



“Yep. Says it right here. You should get it in about a week. Blackberry. Nice.” Claudette gave her a brief smile. “How are things working out, hon?”



Martier’s smile faltered. “I’m sure I don’t know what you mean…” She picked with the corner of her notebook. She felt Claudette’s hand on hers.



“What’s wrong, sugar?”



“It’s just…” Her voice cracked and she couldn’t meet her friend’s eyes. “I thought—but he’s not interested.” Her eyes stung. She felt Claudette’s fingertips beneath her chin. When she met her friend’s eyes the other woman was smiling.



“I can guarantee you that you’re wrong.”



Martier shook her head. “I…we kissed.” Claudette’s smile deepened. “But then he backed off.” Claudette nodded, still smiling. “And then he went out with another woman…” She paused not able to meet Claudette’s eyes. When the other woman didn’t respond she looked up and Claudette was still smiling.



“What?” Why was she smiling? Tim loved someone else and her heart was breaking and she was smiling.



“He is just a man. And he’s going to make mistakes. But he generally doesn’t make them for very long…you mark my words.”



Martier frowned not sure what her friend was trying to say. “Are you saying I should wait for him to realize that I’m here?”



“Wait…no. What I’m saying is don’t give up on Tim.”



This had turned into the perfect segue to Karl French. “I actually went out on a few dates with someone else.”



“Oh?”



“Yes.” Martier fiddled with the notebook again. “An attorney from the firm.”



Claudette’s smile slipped away. “Who?” She asked sternly.



“Karl French.”



“Karl French.” Her smile had completely disappeared. “Oh Martier!” She leaned forward. “That man is a WHORE.” She said quietly but insistently. “Karl is a pig! All he does is see a pretty face and goes after them. Girl, that man has had sex with half the woman that walks through the door.” Claudette sat back and shook her head. “You need to stay away from him, Martier, trust me on this. He is nothing but bad news. Martier, most of the attorney’s here are…” She cleared her throat. “Well, Tim isn’t.”



She wondered about Aaron Rangbo. Was he one of the people that Claudette was talking about?



Martier closed her eyes. Why did everything have to be so difficult? Once Claudette was gone she picked up the phone. She was going to cancel with Karl.



“Hi beautiful.” He said as soon as he heard her voice. “I was just thinking about you and looking forward to Jazz in the Park tonight.”



“Karl…about Jazz in the Park, I’m sorry but I have to cancel.” Karl was quiet.



“Is everything okay?”



“Yes…I just…” She cleared her voice and felt nervous sweat beads forming on her forehead. “I’m… I think things might be moving too fast for me.”



“Stay right there, Martier. I’ll be at your desk in sixty seconds.” The phone went dead.



Oh no.



She grimaced and looked around nervously. She was not going to hide so why was she looking around?! She smoothed out her hair and tried not to look as nervous as she felt. She heard Karl’s rapid steps a few moments later. He came to a panting stop in front of her desk.



“Martier.” His handsome face held a slight frown. “What’s wrong? We had a great lunch, right?”



“Um…” She rubbed her hands together. “Yes.”



“Well, I’d like to see you. I’m going to be honest, I find you to be very dynamic. A lot of people I meet act the same way, look the same way and it’s very refreshing to meet someone such as yourself. You are very unique. I know…your circumstances; the convent and all and I don’t want to push you but I do want you to see that I’m a bit more than just casually interested. I like you Martier.”



Her mouth hung open. She closed it with a snap. “Karl…” She didn’t have it in her to be completely deceitful. She had to tell him her concerns. “Claudette is a friend of mine-”



“Claudette?” His expression turned frosty. “I see she’s been poking her nose into other people’s business again. A friend of yours, huh?” She saw him clench his teeth. “Well that friend of yours is nothing but a white man’s whore! She accuses me of doing the same thing that she is doing. But she whores herself just to be his assistant and get fake status. Claudette is nothing more than Aaron Rangbo’s black bed wench!”



Martier came to her feet quickly. His words sickened her. “Karl leave.”



He gave her a cold look. “Maybe I misjudged you, Martier. Maybe that’s all you want, too. You’re living in Tim’s house, are you warming his bed, too?”



A deep voice spoke. “What did you just say? What in the hell did you just say?!” Tim rounded the corner carrying his briefcase and jacket in one hand. He dropped them on the floor and loosened his tie his feet moving rapidly. His eyes were bright red.



Karl looked at him. “Back up old man. This is none of your business.”



“The hell it isn’t.” Tim’s fist landed square in Karl’s face. His head jerked back. He held his nose and a trickle of blood flowed freely. Karl gave the older, larger man a surprised look.



“You broke my nose.” Tim’s hand was still formed into a fist. “Thank you Mr. Singleton.” Karl smiled as his mouth filled with blood. “This firm will now be known as Rangbo, French, Bradbury and Marx, Attorneys at Law.”



Tim smiled evily and Karl looked suddenly less smug. “Thank you Karl. Now I can freely kick your ass without worry since you plan to sue my ass anyway. Might as well go out with gusto!” His fist landed in Karl’s stomach. Karl went over with a loud whumpf and then with a banshee yell he ran forward and tackled the bigger man.



Tim spoke between gritted teeth. “College football, asshole!” Then he slammed the younger man to the floor using his elbows and his powerful body. Karl went flying across the room and landed with a loud crash into the dry flower arrangements.



Martier was huddled in the corner so that she wouldn’t get struck by a flying body. Four men suddenly arrived, one was Jakob Marx and they grabbed the two men and kept them apart.



“You’re fired, muther fucker!” Tim yelled.



“No you’re not!” Jakob yelled.



“I quit!” Karl yelled right back.



“You’re not quitting, Karl!” Jakob spoke angrily. “Go to your office!” The younger black man jerked out of his grip. He gave Tim a spiteful look. “I’m going to sue the fuck out of you, Singleton.”



“Try it, asshole!” Tim tried for him again and it took all four men to hold him back. “Sexual harassment?! I heard what you said to Martier.” He pointed to the ceiling. “And the security camera caught it too. You can’t talk to my assistant like that and get away with it. It’s me that will sue the shit out of you! And win, because I’ve been doing this a whole lot longer than you, buddy!”



Karl gave him a wary look. He turned and spit a wad of blood on the carpeted floor and then pushed through the crowd angrily.



Martier quickly began picking up the over-turned furniture and broken pottery.



“Martier, are you okay?” Tim asked. Jakob was directing everyone to get back to work. She nodded her head quickly as she moved about trying to get everything put back in order. Tim reached out and gripped her arm. “Martier?”



“I’m really sorry for all of this.” She said with big tears in her eyes. “I am more trouble. It seems to follow me. I don’t know why. I’m not trying to do anything wrong. I’m not trying to cause trouble-“ She said speaking quickly. He could see she was losing it.



“Come on.” He put an arm around her and led her into the office. He knew how it would look to everyone, the fight, his arm around her. And he didn’t really care.



Once they were in his office he rubbed her shoulders. She was trembling. “This is not your fault.”



She was looking at him as if trying to will him to understand. “I broke a date with him. I didn’t want to go out with him. And then he started acting really…aggressive. And I asked him to leave.” How could he have been so nice only to turn so vile? How could she ever trust herself to judge anyone’s character again? He had seemed so nice…



“He didn’t touch you, did he?”



“No.” She said quickly.



“Good, he would be a dead man if that had happened.”



Martier gave him a surprised look.



Tim’s hands stopped rubbing her arms and they rested on her shoulders. “Martier, I’m not going to let anybody hurt you. Do you understand?”



She gave him a confused look. “I think so.”



He calmed himself and took a deep breath. Then he allowed his eyes to take in her delicate beauty. His fingers reached up to trace her loose curls.



“So beautiful,” he said softly.



She didn’t know what to say so she said nothing.



“I kissed you…and then I chickened out. I won’t…do that again.”



Something hopeful bloomed in her chest. She smiled and frowned. “You won’t…kiss me again, or chicken out again?”



He leaned forward very slowly and touched his lips to hers. It was the softest kiss he’d ever given. It was the barest of touches and it was exquisite.



Her eyelids fluttered when he pulled back.



“Oh...”



Tim’s fingers moved to her chin. “This isn’t sexual harassment, right?” He whispered while staring deeply into her eyes.



“No.” She leaned forward and closed the space between their lips. Her kiss to him was soft yet possessive. Her hands slipped around his big body and he sighed. Tim’s hand moved up to cup the back of her neck. He held her as his lips explored her mouth.



The door opened and Tim’s eyes moved to the offender without pulling back from Martier. Jakob. Martier moved away from Tim in embarrassment.



“I need to…straighten up.” She slipped past the other partner, closing the door after her.



“Wow…” Jakob said. “That was some display.”



“Which one? The fight or the kiss?” Tim rubbed his sore knuckles and flexed his fingers, hoping he hadn’t broken his hand.



“I meant the fight. Surprise surprise, there’s an emergency partners meeting in five minutes. Conference room.”



Tim sighed and sat on the edge of his desk. “I’m truly sorry about last night, Jakob. I was drunk.”



Jakob gave him a steady look. “I guess you didn’t mess it up with Martier…yet.”



Tim frowned. “What are you talking about?”



“You know what I’m talking about. I might be an asshole, and despite what you said, I make no promises. Don’t you make promises that you can’t keep with her!” Jakob left the office non-too-happy.



The meeting was damage control. Karl was on speakerphone—for safety reasons and was informed that he could keep his job. It was also decided that neither would file charges against the other. Karl requested to be moved from Aaron’s division to Bradbury’s. Well that would keep him off the 4th floor at least. Tim nodded his consent and it was agreed.



“You should apologize to Claudette and Martier for referring to them as ‘bed wenches’.” Tim muttered.



Aaron’s face darkened. He gave Tim a piercing look.



“W-what?”



Tim narrowed his eyes. “That’s what pissed me off Aaron. He referred to Claudette and Martier as ‘white men’s whores.’”



Aaron suddenly got up and left the office.



Tim rubbed his knuckles with a satisfied grunt. “Somebody better get security to Karl French’s office. I think he’s about to get his ass kicked by Eeyore.” He looked at Thomas Bradbury, “Have fun with the little asshole.”





CHAPTER 26



As Martier got into Tim’s car she couldn’t keep the pleased smile from her face. She peeked at him. His face was peaceful. It was decided that Karl would have to pack his shit and leave, however he got a referral for a position at Hardwick, Lyons and Pumpernell that would surely give him a better salary. Of course he had to play ball and sign a not-so-standard con-compete contract stating that he wouldn’t take any clients or sue anyone from the firm.



“Martier, do you know how to drive?” Tim suddenly asked.



What a question. Where did that come from? “Yes. I have a driver’s license. Why?”



“I left my bike parked in Kentucky. I want you to drive my car back home while I drive the bike back.”



She gave him a nervous look. “Well I haven’t driven in years, Tim.”



He smiled and then leaned forward and kissed her lips lightly. “You drive.” He got out the car while she was still breathless from the kiss. She exchanged places with him and gave him an anxious look. He just smiled.



After approximately sixty seconds she was comfortable behind the wheel and followed his instructions to Kentucky and the Madd Crab. His baby was safe and sound and he tossed his jacket into the backseat of the car along with his tie. When he unbuttoned his cuffs her brow went up. He stripped off his expensive shirt and was down to just suit pants and a t-shirt.



She marveled at how quickly he could transform from businessman to biker. He put on sunglasses and then had her come over to him. He instructed her to follow him back to the house and what to do if they got separated. He promised that he’d wait for her at the side of the road if that should happen.



Then he slipped his hand around her waist. “I’d like to take you riding one day, are you game?”



She gave him an excited smile. “Can you teach me to ride?”



He smiled. “You want to learn? Now that would be cool.” He leaned forward and kissed her. She sighed against his lips and he shuddered. “See you back at the house, Sweetheart.”



He’d called her Sweetheart. “Okay.” She smiled.



They got home with no incident. They parked in the garage and Tim pulled Martier into his arms as the garage door came down, leaving them in almost total darkness.



“How about we swim and then order a pizza?”



Her arms had gone around Tim’s neck. She pulled back and looked at him. “Will kissing be in there somewhere?”



He captured her lower lip and she moaned. “You like kissing me?” He smirked. Martier touched her forehead to his. She couldn’t even come back with a snappy line. All she could do was nod. He cupped her face and kissed her insistently, deeply. His tongue slipped between her parted lips and then he stopped. He pulled back and smiled.



“Ten minutes!”



Her eyes got wide. “Twenty!”



“Fifteen.” She nodded and slipped out the door and dashed through the backyard to her cottage. Tim watched her with a smile.



“God…Thank you for giving me another chance with her.” He walked up the backstairs to the kitchen and paused. Had he just thanked God? He smiled softly. Yeah, he guessed he had.



~***~



What a bad idea. What a horribly bad idea. She came out wearing the bathing suit with her hair still down in silky waves along her shoulder and his body reacted. He looked and felt like a credent standing there with his hands in front of the bulge in his trunks. When she was a few feet from him her eyes flitted to the pool and she suddenly did a cannonball. Grinning he dived in after her.



Martier swam like a fish. She swam underwater for an impossibly long time and she was fast. He’d try to catch her and she moved like the waves in the water. When she got tired of swimming away from him she swam towards him.



“Tim,” She placed her hands on his shoulders. Her playful look was replaced by a serious one. “Are you…did you want to still see Priscilla?”



“Oh sweetheart,” He sighed and placed his hands on her waist. “I’m so stupid sometimes. Priscilla is no more. She actually never was…it was just me being stupid.” Martier thought fleetingly of Claudette’s words and was amazed that she had known all along.



He cleared his throat and gave her a nervous look. “I’m twice your age. My knees hurt and I don’t have half the looks that I used to. But I’d be really honored if I could be yours and you could be mine. I feel pretty stupid using the word boyfriend, girlfriend…but I wouldn’t mind being your boyfriend. I wouldn’t mind at all.”



She slipped her hands around his waist and laid her head on his shoulder. He pulled her close and held her in his arms.



I spoke your name into the Universe and I claimed you as my own.





CHAPTER 27



Martier picked out a dress and held it up to herself. Dhakiya made a face. “Ugh. I don’t like that.”



“You don’t like anything.” She grumbled. This was the third weekend in a roll that she and Dhakiya had gone out wedding dress shopping. It had been fun at first. But after hours and hours of going through wedding dresses they all began to look the same and the appeal was forever soured.



Dhakiya would find a dress and fall in love with it, only to hate it the very next day. And then they would have to start the entire process again. The worst is that they couldn’t start hunting for the Bridesmaid dresses until she settled on her wedding dress. The other women in her wedding party; girls from Dhakiya’s work, had bowed out long ago so that it was just the two of them now. Worst is that she had a brand new boyfriend and this was eating into her time with him.



“What do you guys have planned for the rest of the weekend?” Dhakiya asked while fingering the fabric of a dress that she’d already looked at twice before.



“We’re going to watch an old movie.” She’d told him about her newfound love of old movies and he had introduced her to the Duke; John Wayne. John Wayne was low in the romance department and high in violence but cuddling on the couch with Tim certainly made up for it. She smiled softly to herself.



Dhakiya chuckled and Martier wiped the smile from her face. “What?” She asked.



“How tough is it keeping your legs crossed, little sister?”



Martier stuck out her tongue. “For your information smarty, I’m not the one putting on the breaks.”



“Really? What would Sister Louise say?” Dhakiya asked playfully.



“And you are not in the least worried about Sister Louise…or buying a white dress.”



Dhakiya laughed wickedly. “Yes…but I am no longer a Catholic and you still go to mass twice a week. Do you confess to the father what you and Tim do?”



Martier set aside all joking. “No. Because what I do with Tim is not a sin. I love him.” She stared at her best friend openly. “He is all I want. Besides, all we do is kiss.” She didn’t admit that they kissed openmouthed. Having Tim slip his tongue into her mouth felt like making love. But kissing open mouthed couldn’t be a sin. It didn’t hurt anyone and it felt wonderful.



Dhakiya stopped laughing. “Good for you, little sister.”



When Martier pulled up into the drive-way Tim was in the backyard. He let her drive the car whenever she wanted. She could already smell the slow smoking meat that he’d put on before she left. Mmm…she was starving; for food and for Tim. He was on his cell phone.



“Look, I want to introduce you guys to her; officially, as my girlfriend.” Tim looked up at Martier and a soft smile tugged at his mouth. “I appreciate your invite to dinner, just let Elaina know that Martier will be with me. Good. See you, brother.” He disconnected and slipped his cell phone into his pocket in time to wrap his arms around the beautiful woman standing before him.



“Hi honey, you look exhausted.” He placed a soft kiss onto her lips causing her to smile.



“I am. I don’t want to look at another white dress for the rest of my life.” Well…that wasn’t quite true. She looked forward to shopping for her own wedding dress. Her arms locked around his waist and she leaned in to him.



“Aww.” He said while kissing the top of her head.



“So who invited us to dinner?” She asked with a mixture of apprehension and curiosity.



“That was Jakob. You’ve never met Elaina and they are like family.” Martier smiled at him. She liked Jakob well enough. “We’re invited to dinner this Wednesday.” He continued. It was important to him that they do this before the conference. He wanted Jakob and Elaina to love Martier just the way that he was beginning to and it was important that Martier be completely comfortable around his best friends.



“Anything, if it will get me out of shopping for wedding dresses with Dhakiya.”



After dinner and after the dishes were cleaned and the leftovers put away in Tim’s refrigerator, the couple went to Martier’s place and they slipped in a movie and kissed and cuddled on the large couch. Tim was addicted to kissing Martier. He thought about it when he was in court, when he was behind the computer and anytime he had a private moment with her he indulged in it.



Once, when the kissing had gotten especially heated, he had placed his hand on her breast. Her body had arched upward against him and a soft moan had issued from her slightly parted lips. The sound of her moans had placed him in an unbearable predicament. He wanted to take her completely. Instead he’d pulled back and had given her a shaky smile.



Anymore he never allowed himself to become overwhelmed by his desire for her. It was too difficult to put on the breaks. As much as he wanted her, he knew that he couldn’t rush into anything that she might regret later. They watched a romantic comedy that he could care less about. All that Tim was concerned with was the pretty woman that he held in his arms and her delicately long neck, and how difficult it was to stop placing soft kisses there.



Sometimes she would turn from the movie and look at him with hooded eyes and a soft smile and he would have to tear his eyes from her and focus on anything but how desirable she was.



~***~



Tim was on his private line speaking to a client and thinking about quitting time. He had so much to do before the conference next week; he had to make sure his calendar was clear and that no emergencies popped up, he had to remember to take some suits to the dry cleaners, and even though Claudette had taken Martier shopping for a formal dress he wanted to make sure that she had everything that she needed for her first New York trip.



“Mr. Bell if you’re available next Tuesday,” Tim pulled out his calendar and scanned the dates. “How about at…” His words trailed off as he looked at the date. The seventh. Today was the seventh…



“Mr. Singleton?”



Tim quickly shook his head. “Um…how is three o’clock? Next Tuesday?”



“Sounds good. I’ll see you then.”



Tim responded with something or other and then absently hung up the phone while his brow gathered. One year ago today, Corrine had breathed her last breath.



He sat back in his chair and stared out into the empty space before him. Three hundred and sixty-five days…that wasn’t really so long. Only three hundred and sixty five days ago she’d been alive.



“How did I forget…?” He whispered to no one in particular.



~***~



Does he desire you? Martier asked herself. The answer was yes. She saw it in his eyes, felt it in his kisses…and it was obvious when his body was close to hers. She smiled knowing that if her skin wasn’t so dark her cheeks would be bright red.



Then there is no wrong because she desired him every bit as much as he desired her. She contacted the hotel that they’d be staying and then she cancelled her room.



She would give herself to Tim this weekend. The New York trip would be a celebration of them. She knew that it was just his sense of propriety that kept him from claiming her. This weekend she wouldn’t allow him to retreat. She would show him that it was okay to love her completely.



Martier paused. What would the sisters say? She arched her brow and placed her hands on her hips. She didn’t care one iota what they would have to say. Martier had no reservations about giving Tim her virginity. As far as she was concerned, Tim was already hers, there wouldn’t be anyone that could make her feel the way he did.



She smiled and returned to her work.



~***~



Tim had stayed closed up in his office until it was quitting time. He hadn’t even sent her out for lunch. She knew that he was extra busy and she was too. Just because they were going away didn’t mean that the cases would. Tim finally came out of his office looking haggard.



“Ready?” He asked.



“Yes.” She gathered her things and walked alongside him wishing that they could walk hand in hand the way they did when they were outside of work. In the grocery store he held her hand in his big one and she always felt secure. Even when they dined in restaurants he would reach across the table and take her hand in his. She liked that about Tim; that he enjoyed contact with her. Maybe he was starved for it. She knew that she was. She couldn’t complain. She got her fill of Tim outside of work.



They got into his car quietly and she noticed that he seemed distracted. “Are you caught up with everything you need to do?” She asked as she buckled herself in.



“What? Oh…yeah. Everything is on schedule.”



They drove in silence for a while. “What should we do for dinner? I have a chicken thawing out in the fridge-”



“Oh…Martier, I have to make a stop this evening. You should have dinner without me.” He didn’t offer more and she assumed that he had to run some errands concerning the trip, maybe he ran out of black socks or something.



“Sure, honey.”



He gave her a brief look. “Martier…today…”



She looked at him curiously and it suddenly dawned on her that something was wrong. He wasn’t just distracted or tired. Something had gone wrong. Martier held her breath.



“Today is the anniversary of my wife-of Corrine’s death.” He stared at the road as he drove.



“Oh Tim…I’m so sorry.” She reached out and placed her hand over his. “I am so sorry. Did you need to be alone?”



He nodded. “I…want to go to the cemetery. I haven’t done that yet…”



She watched him. “I didn’t know.”



“No, I never talked about it.”



“If you want to talk about it…”



He shook his head but didn’t speak. She could see that he was fighting to control his emotions. It hurt her to see him like this.



“I understand.” She said softly. She gave his hand one last rub before allowing hers to drop back to her lap. He hadn’t removed his hand from the steering wheel to hold hers as he normally would have. But she knew that he was just hurting.



Tim dropped her off at her cottage, leaning in to kiss her gently before she got out the car. She placed her hand on his cheek.



“I love you, Tim.” She had never told him that before. But she thought he should know it today of all days.



He smiled. Tim closed his eyes and placed his forehead against hers. “Thank you for coming into my life.” He kissed her again.



Afterwards she got out of the car and watched him drive away. It wasn’t, ‘I love you, too Martier.’ Still, it had been special to her.



~***~



It had cost him a great deal of money to have her grave positioned beneath the large shade tree. He’d even had them place a bench there. And as Tim made his way to the area, he was both pleased at the beauty of it and guilt ridden that this was the first time that he’d been here to enjoy it. He sat down on the marble bench and he felt older than 47. He felt older than 57. Tim felt as if he’d squeezed an entire lifetime in his relatively short life.



He allowed his eyes to take in her gravestone. It read: Forever My Love.



Tim stood up quickly and stormed away. Nothing is forever. He got into his car. There was a bar that he’d driven past. The Mad Crab had lost its appeal. Maybe it’s because the people there now recognized him for what he was; a man that couldn’t get his shit together.



Tim pulled up in front of a bar that looked like it could be host to some serious rednecks. Maybe someone would fuck with him and then he could…Tim lowered his head to the steering wheel.



“Corrine,” he said softly. “She is such a wonderful woman. I’ve been hurting for so long, honey. God I miss you. I miss your smile and your pretty fingers…” He inhaled a deep breath. “Oh Corrine.” He sniffed and sighed again. “She wears the world on her sleeve. She’s so innocent and it’s like…there’s so much to protect her from. Sometimes I feel like…she’s a gift. A second chance.” He lifted his head from the steering wheel and stared out through his window. “I had no idea that I could feel this way all over again.”



Tim sat back against his seat, not feeling the tears in his eyes, not even when one or two spilled over and streamed down his cheek. “Her name is Martier Nufaika Besigye. She was born in Rwanda and she survived the genocide there. But she lost so much…”



Tim spent the next hour in his car, telling Corrine all about Martier. He explained that she didn’t wear any makeup and she was still beautiful and then he grinned and amended that to state how lucky he was to have had such polar opposite beauties in his life. “But so similar.” His smile slipped away and he quickly restarted the car. She was waiting for him and suddenly, all he wanted was to be home with her.



He drove for a while and then whispered, “You know, Corrine. I don’t know why I can’t shake the feeling that you already know all about Martier. Is it crazy for me to think that you might have even sent her in my direction?” After all, she had come from the convent that Corinne had selected and was a part of a cause that was near and dear to her heart. And if not for her influence Tim would not have had the slightest idea of how to react to Martier.



He smiled ruefully. He was being just plain crazy right now. But he still couldn’t shake that feeling.



~***~



Martier had just turned off the lights and had slipped into her bed even though it was still early. The sun had just barely set. Tim hadn’t returned and she couldn’t seem to get it out of her mind that Tim might be having second thoughts. What if he regretted—



There was a soft knock at the door. Martier leaped out of bed and hurried down the stairs. She slept in a gown that reached just below her knees and was made like an oversized shirt. She didn’t worry about it, Tim had seen her swimsuit and that was a whole lot more revealing.



She checked the peephole only to see Tim standing anxiously on her doorstep, still wearing his suit, but at least he had removed his tie and jacket. Martier quickly threw open the door. She practically bounced on her tiptoes with the urge to wrap her arms around him and to hug him tight. But she didn’t. She waited for him to make the first move.



“Hi, honey.” He glanced down at her attire. “Did I wake you?”



She shook her head. “I was just relaxing.” She quickly remembered that they were just standing in the doorway and she stepped aside to allow him entrance. Tim reached out and captured her hands. He pulled her to him, though he didn’t hug her. He just held her hands and watched her intently.



“I love you, Martier.”



Her mouth opened and her breath came out in a muffled gush.



“You never said that before.” She whispered.



“I know. I’m sorry.” He finally pulled her into his arms. “I don’t want you to ever doubt it, okay?” She nodded and he kissed her gently. “I love you.”





CHAPTER 28



Wednesday after work, Tim dropped Martier off at her cottage to prepare for dinner at Jakob and Elaina’s. She stared at the clothes in her closet not daring to wear any of Corrine’s, but finding that the ones she had so recently purchased didn’t give the right ‘vibe’. She had changed outfits twice when Tim knocked on the door and she had to be satisfied with a skirt and blouse that was reminiscent of her days at the convent; only this one had been purchased from money that she went to work daily to make—and it was a lot nicer. With a distraught sigh she bounded down the stairs and rushed to the door.



Tim caught his breath. He loved when she wore her long hair down to flow in thick curls over her shoulders. “Ready?” He slipped his hands to her waist and leaned in to kiss her but could feel her hang back a bit. A frown suddenly appeared on her face.



“I…no. I should change-” Martier gestured back into the house and made to turn. Tim chuckled and held her in place.



“Martier, sweetheart, you look perfect. Okay? You have nothing to worry about.” She was dressed modestly yet the curves of her body offered a hint of sexiness that was hard for Tim to ignore. Martier had filled out over the last few months, and while still obviously tall and thin, she no longer looked like an ad for the starving kids in Africa.



She bit her lips lightly, the creases still present on her forehead. “Are you sure?” Elaina had been friends with Corrine. How did she expect to be this woman’s peer? She would be able to spot in a second that her clothes were bought off the rack and not expensive designer wear and…



“It’s just dinner.” He said with a smile, hoping that it would ease some of her fears. “And you’ve already met half of the team. Jakob likes you, and Elaina is a sweetheart.”



Martier smiled and relaxed. “Okay. I’m ready. Let me just grab my purse.”



~***~



Martier was in awe at how big and pretty Jakob and Elaina’s house was. There was even a fountain in the front yard like it was a museum or the public library! The driveway wrapped around into a brick circle and the pretty fountain sat right in the middle of it. The house reminded her of a London brownstone, or what she had seen in books. Ivy grew up the brick sides and the grounds were so expertly maintained that she felt like going back to Tim’s house to re-landscape the entire property! Tim just kept the lawn edged and mowed and Martier had liked the wild way that the flowers had taken over the flower beds…but now she knew that it could look so much better.



Tim held her hand and rang the bell. Elaina and Jakob both answered together. Martier thought it was strange seeing him dressed casually in navy slacks and a polo shirt left un-tucked. Elaina wore a big welcoming smile that slipped momentarily when she sat eyes on Martier before she caught herself and reached out to usher the guests into the house.



Tim kissed her cheek and clapped Jakob on the shoulder. “Elaina, this is Martier Besigye. Martier, meet Elaina.” Elaina took the young girl’s hand and shook it graciously but she couldn’t believe what she was seeing, though she hid it well. What was Tim thinking? This was just a girl.



“Welcome Martier. Such a pleasure to finally meet you.” They exchanged small pleasantries and Jakob led them to a room where they could sit, talk and drink. Martier resisted the urge to gawk at everything but she was in awe of the perfectly decorated home. Still, she preferred Tim’s and not just because it was so familiar to her now, but because it had been decorated in a more comfortable and less opulent style.



Jakob asked what everyone wanted to drink. Elaina wanted white wine, Tim wanted beer and having liked the wine she had at Dhakiya’s house, Martier stated she would have wine as well. While Jakob tended to that, Elaina fixed her eyes on the young woman.



“Martier, what a pretty name. Does it have a meaning?”



Martier smiled shyly and shook her head. If she had ever known that there was a meaning behind her name, she wouldn’t have remembered. “But thank you.” She replied.



Tim’s smile froze for he did think he knew the root of her name. Her father’s name was Martin and it seemed to be derived from that. Did Martier even know that her father’s first name was Martin? Maybe holding this information back wasn’t good after all. He had just thought to reveal all of his findings at once but now it only seemed cruel to know things about her family that she didn’t.



“How did you and Tim meet?” Elaina asked.



“At Rangbo, Singleton, Bradbury and Marx. I got the job as Tim’s secretary and assistant.”



Jakob returned then so no one noticed the look that fell across Elaina’s face. Her husband passed everyone their drinks and Martier turned to her again.



“You have a beautiful home.”



Elaina’s lips pursed. “Thank you.” She said simply without looking at the young girl. She stood. “I better check dinner.” And then she was gone.



“Would you like the grand tour?” Jakob asked, surprised that his wife didn’t offer. She loved showing off the house.



Martier was enthusiastic about seeing it. She didn’t realize that being asked to tour someone’s home was the norm, though it might be a rich people thing. The house was big and took nearly half an hour walk through. But within that time Martier began to relax even more. Jakob was so friendly and he and Tim joked and laughed in a way that made her happy. Tim needed a friend like that. He was entirely too serious at times.



Jakob told her about all of the fun that she would have in New York and some places that would be nice to visit while she was there.



“I always have to make two trips to New York; One for the conference and then after, to take Elaina. She loves the shopping.”



Martier gave him and Tim a curious look.



“The conference is for secretaries. It’s a way for us to show our appreciation.” Tim explained. Martier nodded but still didn’t see why the wives couldn’t come along, too.



“Well I suppose dinner is ready, we better head back before Elaina accuses me of ruining it.” Dinner was indeed set out on the large dining room table. Martier had to blink at how perfectly set everything was. One day she and Tim would have Elaina and Jakob to dinner and she wanted to remember how to do it just as perfectly as Elaina had.



“I hope we didn’t keep dinner waiting.” Jakob said while placing his lips on his wife’s cheek. She was placing a dish of potatoes on the table.



“No, I’m just finishing up.” She replied without meeting anyone’s eyes. “Please, sit down and we can eat.”



Martier cleared her throat after taking her seat. “I love the way you decorated your house. It truly is beautiful.”



Elaina regarded her for a moment. “Corrine and I used the same designer. I can always give you her name. She’s top in the field. Kind of pricey but…” Elaina’s eyes moved to Tim who finally caught the cold wave. “I’m sure that won’t be an issue.”



No one said anything after that. The meal was eaten mostly in silence. Tim and Jakob exchanged glances and Jakob shrugged almost imperceptibly.



“Um, this chicken is delicious.” Tim said, attempting to thaw the chill in the air.



Elaina smiled at him. “I’ll be sure to give the recipe to Martier. Maybe she can cook it for you sometime.” She looked at Martier. “You do cook, don’t you dear?”



Tim frowned.



Martier nodded quickly. “Not very well. Tim cooks much better than I do.” Her eyes moved quickly from Elaina to Tim. She guessed that Elaina didn’t much care for her. Maybe they could just be friends with Tim because she had no intentions of ever returning.



“Tim,” Elaina said suddenly. “May I see you in the kitchen?” She didn’t wait for a response but just jumped out of her chair angrily and stormed out of the room. Tim’s mouth stood agape. He glanced at Martier.



“Give me a minute. I’m sorry.” He left the table and followed Elaina out of the room. Jakob was at a loss. He gave Martier a weak smile and then hurried after his wife and best friend.





Elaina was leaning against the breakfast bar tapping her nails along the marble counter top. Her normally warm eyes glared at him with so much anger that Tim hesitated, causing Jakob to bump into his back.



“Timothy Alan Singleton, how DARE you bring that…that…GIRL into my home?!” She bit out.



“Elaina! What in the hell are you talking about? I told you I was bringing her-” He turned to Jakob for confirmation.



Jakob gave her an innocent look. “Yeah, I told you that Tim was bringing a girl that he was involved with-”



She waved him away with her hand and Jakob stopped talking.



“I thought you were bringing a woman, not a little girl. I had no idea-”



“She is a woman. She’s not a little girl-” Tim interjected, his back stiffening.



Her eyes narrowed. “No, Tim. She’s another one of the office whores. I thought you had more respect than that! I never would have dreamed that you would be another one of those men that want to whore around with every temp that steps into the firm. Do you have that girl convinced that in exchange for sucking your dick she’s going to become your wife?!”



Tim’s eyes were practically bulging from his head. He’d never ever heard Elaina talk like this. He couldn’t even imagine her ever using the word dick.



Jakob was just as stunned. “Honey…”



She turned her angry eyes at him. “Jakob!” His mouth clamped shut and Elaina focused her attention back to Tim. She was shaking by this time. “I introduced you to a real woman, one that has some culture and sophistication and she’s not good enough! What? She too old for you Tim?! Because, you know what, Tim? Women don’t stay young forever. You have it good, don’t you? You’ll have your choice of women to select from no matter how old you are; even when you’re as old as that bastard Aaron Rangbo! You’ll never run out of young girls that apply for the position of being bed mates to a partner. When one gets too old, too talkative, too boring then you’ll pass her on for the next one! Meanwhile, women like Priscilla are spending hours in the gym, paying surgeons a MINT just to keep up! Well we can’t!” Her voice broke. “I thought you were different, Tim!” Elaina ran out of the room in tears.



“What the fuck-?” Jakob said as he watched his wife run past him. He looked at Tim in shock. “Tim, I’m so sorry! I don’t know what got into her! I-she…”



Tim looked at his best friend calmly. He didn’t seem angry. “Jakob…you do understand that she wasn’t talking to me, right?”



Jakob frowned and Tim thought that sometimes the smartest people were sometimes the stupidest. “Jake, she knows. She knows it all, the secretaries, the trips to New York, everything. I told you a long time ago that I wouldn’t interfere in your personal affairs but I’m going to tell you this once and for all; if you love your wife you better change your ways. The hardest thing in the world is losing someone you love—and I’m not just talking about to death.” He walked past Jakob who had visibly paled.



When he returned to the dining room, Martier was standing by the table with a look of discomfort on her face. Tim put his arm around her shoulder and gave her a reassuring smile and a brief hug. “Let’s get out of here, okay?”



“Yes.” She looked up at him as they headed out the door. “Did I…do something wrong?”



Tim kissed her cheek. “No. You didn’t. That in there wasn’t about you.” He sighed. “Let’s just go home and pop in a movie and relax.” She nodded and as they drove home she tried to pretend that none of it was important. But it was.



~***~



Martier was busy typing when someone cleared their throat. Her head popped up to see a nervous Jakob standing next to her desk. She smiled at him and he returned it weakly.



“Martier…hi.”



“Hi Jakob.”



“Um…about last night, I just wanted you to know that I’m terribly sorry-”



“It’s fine. You’re fine… I mean, I don’t blame you or anything.”



“Elaina isn’t usually like that. I want to apologize to you if you were uncomfortable at all.” What made her uncomfortable was having Jakob apologize for his wife but she allowed him to finish. “Just for the record, I’m happy that Tim found you,” he continued.



She nodded slightly. “I’m happy that I found him, too.” She sighed. “Really…that’s all that matters to me.”



Jakob nodded. “As it should be.” He looked towards the door. “Is he in?”



“Yes, shall I buzz him?”



“No, don’t worry about it.” He rapped on the door and then opened it.



Tim was sending out an email and he leaned back in his chair and regarded his friend silently as he entered the office, closing the door behind him.



“Hey.” Jakob said.



“Hey. Come in. Sit down.” Jakob did. “Is…everything okay?”



His friend sat in the leather client chair in front of Tim’s desk and had a very humble look on his normally animated face. “Elaina and I had a long talk last night.”



“Good or bad?”



“A little of both.” Jakob sighed. “I’ve been a damn fool. I wouldn’t hurt Elaina for anything, you know that.”



“I know.”



“All this time…”



“She knew and never said a thing.”



Jakob looked at his friend in shame and nodded. “None of those women mean anything close to what Elaina means to me. It took me so long to convince her of that, and things still aren’t the same.”



“She loves you, Jake.”



He chuckled mirthlessly. “I have no idea why.” He sighed. “And I asked her to come to New York with us.”



“And your…secretary?”



“I…haven’t told her yet.”



“Shit.”



“Yeah.”



“What are you going to do about it?”



“I can’t just fire her-”



“And you shouldn’t.”



“No, I wouldn’t. I’m going to give her a shitload of money and then I’m going to find her another job.”



Tim sighed. There really wasn’t much else he could do.





CHAPTER 29



Thursday, after work, Claudette and Martier decided to do some last minute shopping before the trip. After so many months of working together, Martier no longer considered Claudette as just a casual friend. In fact, she had begun to think of the older woman as a type of mentor. Still, she was reluctant to discuss much of her personal affairs with Claudette, saving such talks for Dhakiya. But as Claudette slipped deodorant into her basket she turned to the younger woman with a slight frown.



“Now why in the world are you so quiet? I would have thought you’d be climbing the walls waiting for your first trip out of the city. And with your gorgeous boyfriend.”



Martier smiled despite all of the things that she had on her mind. She glanced at Claudette as she put a traveler size bottle of mouthwash into her own basket. “Elaina Marx…”



“Yes? What of her?”



“Well she’s coming on the trip-”



Claudette stopped walking. “Uh…since when?”



Martier shrugged. “Since last night, I guess.” And then she had to tell her about the failed dinner the night before.



Claudette had a grim look on her face as they continued to shop. “Well, the girls are going to want to know about this…”



“Why? What is the problem with the wives coming to the conference with us?”



Claudette looked at the naïve, younger girl. She really couldn’t see what was in front of her very eyes.



“Martier…the partners, most of the lawyers…are having affairs with their secretaries.” She avoided looking into the stunned girl’s eyes.



“Even…Jakob Marx?” Claudette didn’t say yes or no, she just looked at Martier. “Well what about Tim? I mean, he couldn’t-”



“No. Not Tim. I would know if he ever catted around on Corrine in the office.”



Well Aaron wasn’t married. Martier looked at her friend. “You and Aaron…?”



She smiled softly and the love that she felt for the older man was evident on her face. “Yes.”



Martier mulled that information over as she examined a box of peanut brittle. She slipped it into her basket. Martier and Aaron didn’t act like a couple. If it hadn’t been for the time she’d overheard them making after-work plans she would have never guessed it. And of course there is what Ken had insinuated.



“Well, why…” Martier’s brown face reddened. That was a personal question and she was being nosey.



Claudette placed a gentle hand on her arm before she could walk away. “Why, what, Sugar?”



“Why is your relationship with Aaron such a big secret? You’re both single. There can’t be any rules against fraternizing when Tim married his secretary so…”



“It’s complicated.” Claudette walked ahead and placed some more items in her basket. Martier decided to drop the subject and not bring it up again, but as Claudette drove her home she was the one to continue the conversation.



“Martier, Aaron comes from a…different generation. So do I, I guess. I’m a child of the sixties and I remember being a little girl and my mama had taken us to the park. It was so hot and we didn’t have any more water. I was so thirsty and I told her I wanted something more to drink and there was a water fountain there. Mama said we couldn’t drink from it because it was whites only.” Martier listened quietly. “I just remember thinking that I didn’t understand. I just knew that I was thirsty, all of us were. Finally, my mother just cursed and she lifted us up and gave us each a drink.”



“Did she get into trouble?” Martier asked, hoping her tale didn’t have an ending where her mother was attacked and beaten by the white people in the park.



“No. Nobody said anything. I don’t think anybody cared. I remember some white man smiling at us. It was stupid but it was segregation and I remember it. But Aaron lived it. Cincinnati is still very conservative. His family comes from old money. They would not get it. His associates, his country club, his…name; it’s all very important to him.”



“I understand.” Martier lied.



“In New York we can be ourselves, the way we are when no one is around. We hold hands and…” Claudette smiled and looked at the younger girl. “It’s beautiful.” Even though she smiled, Martier noted that she still looked sad.



“That’s what the New York trip represents to the secretaries. Though I’m certain that it was created by some horny lawyer so that they could have an excuse to spend the night with their mistress. But it’s the secretaries that really look forward to being ‘out’ with their lovers. I’m no different than they are, in that way.” She navigated through the darkened streets to Tim’s house.



“Elaina showing up is going to prevent that from happening. I’m not sure what Jakob was thinking…unless he got cold busted. But that doesn’t give him the right to mess it up for everyone else.”



“So you condone what these lawyers are doing?”



It took Claudette a long time to answer. “I don’t judge them, Martier. I don’t know what’s in their hearts. I just know what’s in mine. Yeah, I don’t like to see these young girls; a different one each year, being treated as some man’s sex slave. But that’s their business, not mine.”



Martier thought about Claudette’s friends; Diana and Lois. She didn’t ask, she didn’t want to know. Now that she was dating Tim she supposed that she was now a member of their small club in more ways than one. And now she understood why Elaina didn’t like her. She just wished that Tim would have told her.



~***~



Tim peeked out the kitchen window for the third time inside of an hour. The little cottage was still dark. Where were they? It was after nine. He’d given her a cell phone for a reason, why didn’t she use it?! Tim walked back into his study. There were several things that he should have been doing. They were going to fly out tomorrow morning and though he had wrapped up all of his loose ends at the office, it wouldn’t hurt to get a jump on next weeks cases.



Instead he picked up his cell phone and examined it for about the 10th time. Finally at close to 9:30 a car pulled around back and he hurried to the back door in time to see Claudette and Martier unloading her packages. They hugged briefly and Tim waited until Claudette’s car had disappeared before he left the house and made his way the short distance to the cottage.



He rapped on the door and Martier answered in surprise. “Hi, honey.” She said and smiled at him.



The tightness that had wrapped around his heart loosened. He smiled. “Hi…I was just…” He didn’t know what to say. Why in the hell had he rushed over here like that? Martier smiled and ushered him into the small house. Once the door was shut behind him she threw herself into his arms.



“I’m so excited!” He captured her and held her close and then kissed her passionately. After a long while, she pulled back and looked deeply into his eyes. “Missed me?” She whispered knowingly. All he could do was nod weakly. She took his hand and led him to the couch. She tucked her bare feet beneath herself and placed her head on his shoulder. His arms eased around her body and Tim seemed to relax even further.



“Do you have everything packed and ready to go? We’re leaving for the airport at 7:30.” She nodded as her hand played along his chest.



“I just need to pack the few items Claudette and I purchased, but I think that can go into carry-on.”



He nuzzled her head. “Just remember that you’ll be bringing home a lot more things.”



She nodded again and looked up at him. “Claudette said to pack an extra bag.”



“That’s not a bad idea.” He captured her hands and kissed her knuckles and she sighed in contentment.



“Tim…” She leaned up and offered her lips. He wasted no time in claiming them with his own. Martier felt her heart thumping rapidly in her chest. It always happened that way whenever Tim kissed her. First her skin would grow warm and then her heart would strain within her chest. Her palms would grow moist and then further down things would begin to happen between her thighs.



She pressed her body against his and sighed into his mouth. It was that sigh that nearly sealed Tim’s fate. It caused his body to quiver with an undercurrent of desire that tonight he was unable to suppress. Tim allowed his hand to run along Martier’s side and over the slight swell of her breast through her summer blouse. She arched her body towards his touch the way she did whenever they got close like this.



Martier loved the way Tim’s touch seemed to transform her from a no-nothing little school girl into a woman that could make Tim’s body harden and tremor beneath her fingertips. She loved the power of it! She allowed her fingertips to circle the peaks of his nipples through his shirt and heard his sharp intake of breath.



“Martier…” He sighed and suddenly captured her hand. He always put on breaks and this time Martier came up on her knees and pressed her lips to his mouth stopping his words with her urgent kiss. She needed to show him how much she desired him. For the first time ever Martier wouldn’t take his no. She slipped her hands from his grasp and ran them beneath his shirt as her lips claimed his.



Tim groaned, eyes closing as he relished the feel of her hands on his body. He felt his manhood surge to full hardness and before he could stop himself he pulled Martier onto his lap until she was straddling his body. Her dress hiked up her thighs and his hands moved up her smooth brown legs. Jesus, her skin was so soft. He groaned as her bottom came to rest on his erect penis, applying enough pressure that it hurt but in the most sensual way.



Martier looked down at him and her lips were swollen and her lids half closed and Tim just barely stopped the whimper that almost left his lips. She arched her back until her breasts were inches from his face. Tim immediately covered them with his palm. His thumbs sought out her nipples, finding them easily as they had swelled and were pressing through the thin material of her bra. He pinched them lightly and Martier groaned hoarsely and her hands moved behind her to plant themselves on Tim’s legs until it was as if she was offering herself up to him.



Tim’s hands moved with urgency as he slipped them beneath her blouse. He found her breast again, clawing at her bra, dragging it down and releasing her breasts. Tim stared in amazement. Martier was perfect. He had no idea what her cup size was but her breasts filled his palms perfectly. Her nipples were like 2 Hershey kisses and his mouth watered to take the swollen peaks into his mouth. In this moment, there was nothing that Tim wanted more. His eyes stayed glued to them and they way her chest heaved with passion.



If he took her breast to his mouth then there would be no turning back. He wouldn’t be able to stop. He would have to bury himself into untouched body. He would be the first to know her delicate sex, to breach the barrier that separated her from innocence to sexuality.



Tim growled and lifted Martier as if she was just a child. He placed her gently on the couch and quickly rose to his feet.



“Martier…I…I’m sorry.”



She stared at him making no move to tuck her breasts back into the bra so that the impression of them was very visible beneath her blouse.



She grimaced. “Sorry for…?”



He inched toward the door. “Sweetheart, this is something that we should not rush. We’ve only been together a few short weeks. Sex is a big move.”



“I know that.” Her expression tightened. “Don’t mistake my age for ignorance. I know what I want.”



Her words shocked him. It made his cock weep. He wanted her badly, so bad that his hands shook. “You grew up in a convent. You wear rosary beads and go to mass and pray before you go to sleep! What you’re thinking about is a sin. I don’t want you to take that lightly because one day…you might regret it.” It made him almost choke to put into words his most secret thoughts. One day Martier would tire of him and feel as if he had taken advantage of her. And wouldn’t it be partially true?



“No,” she said while staring at him. “It can’t be a sin because you’re a good person and so am I. And beyond that, Tim, I don’t care. I love you and…” What she left unsaid is that she had already claimed him as her own. He just had to do the same. Martier came to her feet and moved to him. He truly looked afraid but all she did was to place her lips lightly on his and then she moved to the door. “Goodnight.”



He hesitated and then mumbled a half-hearted good night and left.



Martier leaned against the door for a full five minutes before she finally turned off her lights and headed up the stairs to her bedroom. She already knew that she would slip off her clothes and climb into her bed completely nude. She would replay every kiss, every touch that Tim had placed on her body. Then her fingers would try to mimic the passion that still ebbed between her passion slick thighs.



…for whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all.



Only Martier didn’t feel the least bit guilty.





CHAPTER 30



Tim discreetly watched Martier while they were on the flight. They didn’t sit next to each other as the attorneys and partners paired off with each other and the assistants did the same. Claudette, Lois, Diana and Martier were in one group of their own while Jakob and Elaina held hands and seemed comfortable with each other.



Before boarding Elaina had quietly approached them. “Tim.” He and Martier had turned to her and she looked at the younger girl. “Hi Martier. About dinner, I wanted to apologize, especially to you. I know I made a bad impression. The only explanation I have is that I haven’t been myself lately.”



Martier always felt uncomfortable when someone humbled themselves to her. She was happy that Elaina had apologized but now that she had she wanted to close that chapter and move on.



“Its fine and I appreciate your apology. Um…” She gestured to Tim, “Why don’t you two talk. I’ll get something to drink.”



Tim reached out for her hand to keep her from leaving but she was already gone. He didn’t want her to feel that she had to leave. Elaina had been the one out of line, not her. He sighed.



“Thank you for that, I’m sure it will make her feel a little better.” He knew that Martier was very sensitive but didn’t really know if it was better to not discuss things and let them work themselves out on their own, or if he should talk to her and help her flesh out her feelings. So far not addressing it had won out, besides, they had just been too busy and well…now here they were.



Elaina looked uncomfortable as she clasped her hands and stared at him. “You’re my best friend Tim, other than Jakob…You and Corrine both were.” She inhaled deeply and Tim’s posture relaxed.



“Elaina…I’m not going to try to make you feel for Martier how you felt for Corrine…that’s…I just want you to give her a chance and then form an opinion of her just based on her—not me and her. Do you know what I mean?”



Elaina nodded. “Yes. Jakob explained about her situation, the convent and that horrible genocide.” She looked away. “I remember when that was happening and Corrine told me about a local convent that had brought children over to be placed. Jakob and I had actually donated to their efforts.” She sighed. “It’s funny how things come full circle.”



Tim nodded. “I didn’t hire her to sleep with her…and for the record I’ve never slept with her. I hired her because a nun called me and asked me to help. That’s it.”



Elaina stared at him stunned. She felt about an inch tall. “I really made a fool of myself-” Tim placed a hand on her shoulder.



“You cared enough to rip me a new asshole. And that’s what friends do…care, is what I mean. Friends care enough to say and do what might not be too popular. We are good, okay?”



She nodded quickly and smiled and then stood on her tiptoes and kissed his cheek. Jakob was watching from a distance and gave him an appreciative nod.



Now that that was over, he couldn’t get enough of watching Martier marvel at the tiny world beneath them. The ladies giggled and whispered and Tim didn’t realize that he wore a stupid smile on his own face just watching her. The stewardess brought champagne and Martier accepted it and then squinted her eyes as she took a sip and the bubbles hit her. He chuckled.



“You’re not going to need the inflight movie, Tim.” Eeyore spoke, eyes twinkling in an otherwise somber face.



Tim quickly cleared his throat in embarrassment.



“You seem pretty much entertained watching something else.” Eeyore continued.



“It’s Martier’s first time flying…well that she remembers and I just wanted to…you know, make sure every things ok.”



Aaron glanced over at the giggling, whispering women and then met Tim’s eyes. “I can guarantee you that everything is okay.” Tim blushed.



~***~



LaGuardia Airport was like a mall! When they landed, Martier couldn’t believe all of the shops and restaurants. The planes seemed secondary to all of the attractions. They walked as a group to baggage and then there was a shuttle waiting to take them back to the hotel. Everyone was excited but none more than the quiet woman whose mouth was agape in awe as she peered out the window. Tim pointed out different points of interest and soon they were at the hotel.



She felt warm and nervous about the bold move she had pulled in cancelling her room. But it became obvious that everyone had only secured one set of rooms for themselves and their secretaries. She still felt scared. Especially when Tim asked the man at the front desk for their room keys and she placed her hand on his arm and whispered,



“I’m staying in your room.”



He stared at her silently before nodding, clearing his voice and correcting his request for the one room key. Tim tried to find all of the hidden meanings behind what Martier had just told him. Did she think that this is what he expected? Did she really understand what she was doing? Oh God, he was in agony. He hadn’t been trying to hint that he expected that from her. Maybe he should have clarified…



“Tim?” He nearly jumped. They were in the elevator and Martier was looking around. “Our luggage?”



“Oh,” he let out a tense breath. “They’ll bring it up if it’s not already waiting for us.” When they entered the large suite the luggage was indeed sitting near the entrance to a separate bedroom. Tim was all prepared to explain to Martier that he hadn’t intended for her to think they had to share a room, but he was stopped by the look of sheer delight on her face as she took in the luxurious accommodations. He kept quiet and watched her, feeling the delight of such luxury renew itself in him as well. Of course he’d been in similar rooms often enough but this was a first for her.



Martier entered the room timidly and then looked at him in surprise. “All of this for us?” He closed the door with a smile and a nod of his head. It was decorated like a real home, the bookshelves had actual books, there was a fireplace with beautiful chairs and a sofa. There was even a dining area that had candles on the perfectly set table. She hurried to the French doors and gasped. They led to a bedroom that looked like it belonged in a fairytale. She took in the large bed with the white fluffy comforter and canopy and her cheeks felt warm. She looked over her shoulder at Tim who had a strange smile on his face. She ran to him and threw her arms around his neck and kissed him.



“This is…magnificent.”



As he held her in his arms he decided that he wouldn’t ruin this moment by putting his foot into his mouth. But unfortunately he did have to extricate himself from her arms.



“Sorry, honey. I have to make a brief appearance at the conference.” He checked his watch. “No more than 4 hours and then…” he placed a soft kiss on her nose, “I’m all yours.”



Martier shivered at his words. “Um, should I come with you?”



“No, not today. Tomorrow I’ll need you for a bit and the next day at the end.” His arms moved to wrap themselves around her waist. “Why don’t you call Claudette and see what the ladies will be doing while the guys are away?”



She didn’t have to do that. After Tim left, she unpacked their things and was exploring the bathroom when the room phone rang.



“Hello?”



“Naughty girl…” Claudette’s teasing voice rang out.



Martier chuckled. “And I suppose you’re referring to my housing arrangement?”



“I’m not saying anything else. Can you meet me in the lobby in about 5 minutes?”



Martier was there in less time than that. Of the eighteen women that had made the trip, five were present. She didn’t see Elaina but remembered Claudette’s concerns about a ‘wife’ being included in the trip. She was introduced to the other women and then Claudette revealed that she had made reservations for them at the spa. It seemed as if everyone had been to a spa before except her.



Martier wasn’t sure how she felt about some stranger’s hands touching all over her body but she wasn’t going to be the odd man out. It turned out that her time at the spa far exceeded her expectations! The pampering was wonderful but laughing and talking with the other ladies is what really made it for Martier. She opened up, not realizing that since the incident with Jen, she really hadn’t been very open to making friends with anyone else from work.



They drank champagne while getting pedicures and nibbled on finger foods while trying not to mar their newly manicured nails. They even talked her into having a few inches trimmed from her long hair and when she declined the makeover Lois practically begged her until she gave in. Everything was enjoyable except the bikini wax.



Martier was fine with her shaven legs but everyone exclaimed how much better it was to wax. When she exclaimed that she’d never been waxed one girl looked at her like she was an oddball.



“Not even a bikini wax?” And that is how she got talked into her first bikini wax.



The technician looked at the mound of curls between her legs with a raised brow.



“Virgin?”



“What?!” Martier covered her mouth in shock.



“Is this your first time receiving a bikini wax?”



“Oh…um, yes.” She stuttered.



“Well, we’ll need to trim this down.” She pulled out scissors and Martier stared at the ceiling in embarrassment. The woman gave her hand a pat and told her she’d leave some hair up top and then she began applying the warm wax. Martier tried to think about something pleasant until she felt a yank between her legs, heard the sound of ripping and then felt the almost unbearable sting of her hair being torn from her sensitive flesh.



“OWW!” She yelped and reached between her legs. But the technician had already placed a warm towel there and was applying pressure. “I have to use the bathroom…” She moaned as tears sprung to her eyes.



The technician just smiled. “Give it a minute.” She gave her after care instructions. “The swelling should go down in a day and so will the irritation. Just don’t scratch-”



“Uh?” Martier pressed her thighs together and tried to resist the urge to rub her injured area. “Swelling? Irritation?” But she wanted to make love to Tim tonight.



“You’ll be good as new tomorrow. Two days tops.”



Martier grit her teeth and joined her friends where they were marveling at their freshly waxed legs. Everyone decided to return to their room with plans to meet again the next day to shop. Martier hurried to her room and stripped out of her panties. She found a handheld mirror in the bedroom on the dressing table and used it to look at her new hairless vaginal lips. She reached down tentatively to touch the smooth flesh. It was a bit irritated but the feel of her fingertips created a rapid thrill. She rubbed them gently and shuddered when her labia twitched.



She heard the door to the front room opening and Martier quickly replaced the mirror.



“Martier? You here, hon?”



She moved quickly to pick up her panties but only had time to shove them into one of the drawers before Tim was in the bedroom.



“Wow. Hubba hubba!” He said. Martier patted her hair and grinned sheepishly. They had straightened it and it barely appeared that she had lost the inch or two that had been trimmed off. Now it flowed down her back like a sheet of silk. Her other hand moved to her crotch before remembering not to scratch and she quickly pretended to smooth down the material of her dress.



“Do you like it?”



He wouldn’t tell her that he preferred her wild curls. “I love it, honey. You look so beautiful.” He kissed her. “Let me change and then I’ll take you out on the town.” Martier retreated to the living area while Tim showered. She checked the time and then called Dhakiya.



“Sis, you are not going to believe what I just did...”



By the time they left, the sun had set and the lights outside of the Waldorf Astoria took Martier’s breath away. She slipped her hand into his as they walked to a waiting limo.



“Where are we going?” She asked excitedly.



“Katz.”



“Katz? What’s that?”



He grinned. “Only the most famous deli in all of New York City and perhaps the world. I’m dying for a pastrami sandwich.” Martier grinned at him. They were going to take a limo for a simple pastrami sandwich?



However, once she took a bite of the incredible sandwich she realized her folly. This was no ordinary pastrami on rye. After the sandwiches they strolled hand in hand down the street. Martier was amazed at how the shops lined the street, hawkers standing in front of their stores yelling to them. Tim was good at ignoring them but, to his amusement, Martier always politely responded. He bought her a New York Yankees cap and an Italian Ice from a vender.



Martier understood what Claudette had meant about New York being a time for special bonding. She had never had so much fun in her life! When they returned to the hotel she had laughed a lot and walked until her feet were sore but could have continued walking for another hour as long as Tim was with her.



“Martier…” he said hesitantly as they entered the room. “Do you mind if I invite the Marx’s to dinner with us tomorrow?”



“I don’t mind.” Elaina had seemed honestly sorry and she knew that it would make Tim happy to spend time with his friends. Also, she felt somewhat bad about not inviting her to join them at the spa, though it really wasn’t her place to do so. Still she felt bad about it.



“Are you sure, because if you’re even a little bit uncomfortable-”



“No, I’m not.” She said honestly while slipping off her shoes and sinking onto one of the couches. She sighed in pleasure and Tim sat down next to her and lifted her foot into his lap and began to rub it. It’s not the first foot rub that he’d administered but it still sent a jolt of pleasure through her. He suddenly ran his hands over her feet and up her legs.



“So smooth…” he mumbled.



“Waxed.”



He kissed her toe and she giggled. “Did you enjoy the spa?”



“It was…decadent.” She murmured while giving him a sexy smile. His fingers ran along her soft skin while he watched the effect his touch had on her. Her eyes closed and she sighed and stretched along the sofa.



“Are you having fun, baby?”



“Mhmmm…” She purred. “The best time of my life.”



God…the sounds she made was having some effect on him. He glanced past her towards the bedroom. The turn down service had already been through and the bed looked very inviting. And then there seemed to be two Tim’s warring inside of him. One said, ‘I’ve been very patient. Why shouldn’t I? She wants me.’ The other Tim said, ‘Be the strong one. Don’t let her throw away her teachings with the first guy that is lucky enough to make her breathe heavy’



But even as he was thinking these thoughts, his hand continued to creep up along her leg until he was at the bend of her knee.



“Mmm…” She parted her lips, eyes still closed and nuzzled her head deeper into the couch pillow. He couldn’t resist the sight of her full lips. Tim leaned forward, half covering her body and he placed a light kiss on them.



Martier’s eyes opened partially as she watched Tim watching her. Her hand moved to his hair where she lazily stroked his salt and pepper strands. He had a five o’clock shadow and she ran the back of her hand over his rough jaw. Then she leaned forward and captured his chin between her full lips. Her tongue lightly flicked the stubbly flesh and Tim sighed as his eyes fluttered close. Martier’s lips continued over his jaw and down his neck. She couldn’t stop herself from gathering a bit of his tender flesh between her teeth and nipping him slightly.



Tim shivered and felt his penis thicken. He should get up he thought as he gently pushed his pelvis against her thigh. He felt her body twitch, her eyes closed again and a soft sigh emanated from her lips. When she looked at him again her eyes were black. Her body began to tremble and she stared at him while her chest rose and fell rapidly.



And suddenly it all became so clear that Tim couldn’t believe his stupidity. Martier needed to cum. For weeks she’d been showing him, telling him what she needed and he’d been so busy worrying about her virtue that he hadn’t realized that he had been cruelly pushing her to the brink and then withholding release.



“Do you want to cum? Is that what you want?”



It seemed that the darkness in her eyes expanded and her breath came out in a gust. Instead of answering her thighs parted beneath him until he was nuzzled between them.



For a moment, Tim forgot how to breathe. He could not have been harder as he pressed against her soft pelvis. So sorry…he wanted to say. How could he have made her wait for so long? Suddenly he pulled himself to his feet and he swooped down and picked her up carrying her into the bedroom where he placed her on her feet next to the bed. She came up on her tiptoes, as dainty and precise as a ballerina. She placed her hands on his shoulders and kissed him.



In that moment their roles were reversed and she was the one that took control as he shook with unspent desire. “I love you, Tim,” she murmured into his mouth.



“Oh…” he groaned his reply. “I love you…”



His hands roamed her body, down her side, lifting her dress so that he could cup her bottom. And then he felt it and pulled back in surprise. No panties. All this time she hadn’t been wearing panties. Tim groaned, nearly in pain.



There was no hint of a smile on her face when she took his hand and moved it to her front. He cupped her mound in the palm of his hands as he examined her dark eyes and then another groan fell from his lips as his fingers came into contact with her slick, hairless vaginal lips.



His cock ached, she wasn’t the only one that needed to cum. He stroked her gently and her mouth flew open, her head fell back and her knees buckled. He caught her with one arm feeling her body begin to shake uncontrollably.



She’d wanted him for so long, to feel his hands touching her like that. She also needed more. She wanted to see him. She’d fantasized about the hard length that hinted through swim trunks that were wet, or pants that had become too tight after they’d kissed and touched. But she had never seen him. She needed to.



She pulled out of his grasp and sat on the bed with a look of longing on her face. Wordlessly Tim kicked out of his shoes and socks. He pulled off his shirt and tossed it on a chair. He unzipped his pants and pushed them down until he was just in boxers. They were tented obscenely.



Martier lightly nipped her lips. Tim’s lightly hairy chest and strong arms were more tanned from their time in the pool. Working out over the last few months had really caused a change in him. He wasn’t small by any stretch but his muscles were defined beneath his toned skin. Her eyes settled on the bulge in his shorts and Tim lowered them causing his cock to spring up and slap his belly.



Martier bit back a gasp. She met his eyes before lowering them to take in all of his nudity. She came to her feet and pulled her dress over her head. She was just in a pretty black bra and she quickly unhooked it and let it fall to the floor.



Tim couldn’t move. She was beyond anything that he had imagined. Her hips curved perfectly to her rounded bottom and narrow waist. Her breast were much fuller than her wardrobe had ever hinted to. Her nipples were tightly beaded and the color of a juicy sweet raisin atop her chocolate breast. He didn’t think he was capable of closing the space between them, but thankfully she was.



Martier walked to him with hips swaying slightly, her eyes focused on his completely. How had he ever thought that this woman wasn’t capable of making up her own mind? He gathered her into his arms, their bodies molding together, their lips met and when they kissed it was with the knowledge that there would be no turning back.



He palmed her lovely ass and sighed when her pelvis pressed against his straining cock. She pulled back enough to look down between them and then she reached down and ran her fingertips along his length. He cried out sharply and she looked at him quickly, halting the movement of her hand. A soft grin pulled at the corner of his lips and she smiled with him. Then she watched his expression as she allowed her fingers to circle his cockhead.



Tim had not been prepared for her teasing touch. He was again an inexperienced kid being touched for the first time. He fought for control, wanting to allow her exploration but also wanting to bury that part of his body deeply within her, pumping madly until he spilled himself inside of her. Tim groaned and stopped her hand. He lifted her again and placed her gently on the bed.



Martier felt him lean over her, his lips brushing hers before trailing down her neck and over her collarbone. She felt the wet tip of his tongue as it slipped over her breast to circle her nipple. Martier felt something like electrical shock waves engulf her limbs before settling into the center of her belly and spreading teasing fingers along her core. She arched slightly, spreading her legs to capture one of his thighs. Tim pulled one of her nipples into his mouth and she cried out in pleasure.



She tasted so sweet. He couldn’t stop lapping and sucking her plump nipples, first one and then the other until she writhed beneath him. Her thighs closed over his, leaving a slick wet trail that made him crave something else. Her pelvis pumped and rolled against the hardness of his thigh, simulating an act that she’d never actually engaged in. Tim moved down lower, kissing and licking a trail down her chocolate body until he met her belly button. He lapped the small hollow and felt her responsive quiver at the barest touch. He smiled. She was so in tuned to him. They were in tuned to each other. He understood what she liked, the nips, the licks, the soft kisses. His mouth moved lower until he came to the slight patch of hair. He placed his lips there and kissed her lovingly.



Martier’s legs were quivering uncontrollably by that time. She ached from her need, her swollen labia dripped her sex, smearing herself up and down his thigh and belly. The smell of her filled his nostrils and caused his mouth to water. It had been so very long since he had partaken in such a treat. Tim’s tongue traced the line of her slit. Oh god…he groaned. She tasted exquisite.



Martier gripped the sheets as her hips thrust upward. She cried out almost as loud as she had when she got waxed! Tim’s tongue slipped between the folds of her flesh and teased her bud. Martier screeched and her hands moved to his head, fingers clutching his hair as her body quivered and quaked beneath him. Tim held onto her hips, stilling her while he lapped and sucked.



Something so big was happening to her, building inside of her body, stealing her breath, making her lose focus. It was like no other climax that she’d ever experienced. Orgasm. So different than what her fingers had brought. Oh! She screamed as it hit her. Ohhh! She wailed…



Tim could no longer hold her bucking hips as she pounded and thrust her pelvis up into his open mouth. Her warm honey gushed from her and he worked to capture it so as not to lose even one drop to the bed beneath them. His tongue stabbed inside of her vagina finding her barrier and teasing it relentlessly.



Martier screamed and locked her legs around his head as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her body. She felt like she was dying and being reborn all at the same time. Pleasure so exquisite that it bordered on pain. She wondered how something could feel so good that it almost hurt and she wanted to scream stop! Enough! I can take no more…



Her body collapsed in exhaustion as the last ripple of her first orgasm receded to be replaced by a mild case of paralysis. Tim moved back up to the top of the bed and pulled her limp body into his arms. She had a smile on her face even though her eyes were still glazed.



“Good?” he kissed her forehead.



She responded with a hoarse grunt that he took to mean yes. He chuckled until he felt a gentle hand wrapping around his still engorged shaft. In that instant his eyes changed from merriment to serious need.



“Did you want to cum?” She asked teasingly, voice still hoarse but the deep throatiness only made him whimper. Her hand pumped his cock a few times, his precum her lubricant. “Is this what you want?”



“God…yes.” He managed. Her mouth moved to his hairy chest and locked onto his flat tawny nipple. Tim felt flashes of light splash across his vision as she jerked him off. Jesus! How did she learn how to do this? But then he knew the answer. His cries and moans of pleasure told her that she was doing it just right. He covered her fist and showed her how to twist it lightly over his cockhead. The muscles in his face twitched as his body jumped. He couldn’t have fantasized anything better than this.



Tim watched her dark hand covered by his paler one as it twisted and pumped his cock. It was only his experience and practice at staying his orgasm that prevented him from erupting. Still it was the toughest fight of his life. He slowed her movement and then leaned forward and captured her succulent lips. He pulled her tongue into his mouth and sucked and lapped at it.



Martier’s head began to spin out of control. She didn’t feel like the same woman that had blushed at movies where lovers kissed, who longed for someone to want her, and who read the Songs of Solomon with longing. She was a woman that held her man’s cock in her hand and that screamed in ecstasy as he lapped between her thighs.



She shuddered as she felt herself becoming aroused once again. She was ready to feel him inside of her. She wasn’t afraid, fear had never been a part of it. She knew there would be pain but understood how pain could be pleasure. The books always said that, but she never knew how until now.



Martier didn’t read the signs; Tim’s whimper and then low growl as his testicles pulled up tight. “I’m going to cum!” He grunted as the first spurt of semen shot from his penis. It fired rapidly against his chest and belly while he tried to find his breath. Martier watched in amazement. She had no idea that it would be so powerful. She was further surprised when Tim lay there limply and then his body suddenly shot up from the bed in two involuntary spasms. He grinned tiredly at the look on her face.



“Aftershock.” He explained. Before sleep could drag him down he gave Martier a quick peck and then swung his legs out of bed. His body tiredly following, feeling as if lead weights were tied to his limbs. He tried not to stumble as he walked but his legs felt like rubber. Damn, and he hadn’t even been inside of her. In the bathroom he cleaned himself up and brought a damp hand towel for Martier. She reached for it but he brushed her hand away and ran the warm cloth over her inner thighs. She stifled a giggle at the look of concentration on his face. He leaned down and kissed her still swollen vaginal lips.



“So pretty. So perfect.”



“Tim…” She said in embarrassment, covering the smile on her face.



“Now you’re going to be shy?” Her face flamed. His heart raced. Martier was that rare woman that was completely uninhibited in the bedroom, while still retaining her sweet innocence outside of it. Damn, how had he gotten so lucky? How had he found such a wonderful woman when he thought he’d never love anyone again?



He pulled her hands from her face and she stared at him with as much emotion as he was feeling. “I love you, honey.”



“I spoke your name into the universe, and claimed you as my own.” She said softly.



“You did?” He whispered.



“Yes.”



Tim rolled onto his back and closed his eyes. “Martier Nufaika Besigye. I claim you as my own.” After a moment he opened his eyes and looked at her. Her eyes twinkled with unshed tears. She reached over and clasped his hand.





CHAPTER 31



They slept for a while and then in the middle of the night raided the complimentary fruit and cheese that sat on the perfect table. They kissed and touched and whispered endearments to each other. Tim used his mouth on her again and brought her to another orgasm that rivaled the first. She wanted to make love but was just so happy to have him any way that she could. And the way that he made her feel with his lips and tongue could not have been better.



Tim couldn’t lie. He ached to be inside of her but at least he didn’t feel as if he had crossed the line. She still had her virginity and he was relatively guilt-free. In the morning, he kissed her cheek and pulled the covers over her breasts as she slept. Then he made sure that her cell phone was by the bed and made sure that his credit card was beneath it. He knew today was the day for shopping and that the prices were going to shock her. At the last minute he picked it up and slipped it into her wallet. There, now she couldn’t ‘accidentally’ forget to take it. He gave her one last kiss and left for day 2 of the conference.



When Martier awakened she had a smile on her face that she couldn’t wipe off. She rolled over and snuggled back under the covers until the phone rang, pulling her from a dream about Tim and his magical tongue. She bolted up and checked the time 9:15 am. Oops! She was supposed to meet the girls for breakfast at 9:00.



“Hello?” She answered while rushing to the bathroom to turn on the shower.



“Martier?” Claudette said.



“Good morning. Yes, it’s me.”



“What happened to your voice?”



Martier clutched her throat. “Uh…” The next thing she heard was a fit of laughter. “What?” her face burned. She’d screamed until her voice had been lost, but she wasn’t going to admit that!



“Never mind. The girls are downstairs so hurry down to breakfast.” Claudette responded while trying to hold back the laughter. The two friends didn’t speak about sex but Claudette had no reason to believe that Martier and Tim hadn’t been engaging in it since getting together. Even though Martier was just out of a convent, she was also very close to living with her boyfriend, who happened to be exceedingly sexy, wealthy, and who looked at her with open desire. Of course they were doing it.



Martier showered and pulled on clothes that she could be comfortable in while shopping. She put on lip gloss and pulled her hair back into a ponytail and then hurried down to meet the girls. Elaina was still not among them, but after listening to two of the women talking about their ‘passionate’ night, she decided that it was probably for the best.



Tim called her as they were in the shuttle.



“Hi, honey.” He said.



She turned to the window, knowing that all ears were perked. “Hi.” Despite being the center of attention she couldn’t wipe the silly grin from her face.



“What are you doing?”



“Well we’re on our way to shop.”



“Ahh. Where?”



“We’re going on a Fifth Avenue shopping tour.”



“I see. Well how much are you planning to spend?”



“Well…” she whispered, “I was thinking about two or three hundred.”



“Hmmm, good luck.”



“What? You don’t think that’s enough. I can increase it to maybe five hundred-”



“Sweetheart, I want you to pick yourself out some nice clothes for work, and maybe some casual things for going out, okay?”



“Okay.” She responded.



“Good. I want you to come back with at least five outfits, and don’t bargain shop. I put my credit card in your wallet. Use it.”



Martier grimaced. “Honey, I have my own money-”



“Call me when you hit twenty thousand.”



She gulped. “What--?”



“I have to go, I love you! Call me!”



She hung up the phone and noted how quiet the shuttle was. One of the secretaries, a pretty red head, winked at her and Martier glanced away uneasily.



The first stop was Fendi, one of the girls had to have a Fendi purse and matching wallet. Martier had more purses and bags than she knew what to do with, courtesy of Corrine. As she browsed the expensive items, she wished that she had dressed a little better. She looked at all of the rich people who were shopping and wondered if she would ever fit in amongst them—more importantly, did she want to? This is the world that Tim came from but she was just a simple girl, happy with a pair of jeans that reached the top of her shoes instead of her ankles.



They hit three more stores but Martier still hadn’t bought anything. “What’s the matter, Sugar?” Claudette asked. She wasn’t sure how to tell her that she didn’t see anything that was worth her spending thousands of dollars for. “Tim gave you money, didn’t he?” Claudette asked. Martier gave her a surprised look before nodding.



Claudette smiled. “This is what New York is for. You shop and splurge and have the time of your life. We can bargain shop when we get home!”



She leaned in and whispered. “Tim said for me to buy at least five outfits and to call him once I spent twenty…thousand. Twenty thousand, Claudette!”



“Martier…” Claudette sighed and placed her hand on her friend’s shoulders. “That’s not very much on Fifth Avenue.” The older woman bit her lip, deciding something. “I once came here and saw Corrine spend a hundred and seven-teen thousand dollars in just one day.”



“I’m not Corrine.” She said softly.



Claudette closed her eyes. “I didn’t—I know. I’m sorry.” She looked at her friend again. “Do you want me to help you find something?”



Martier shook her head. “No. I’ll find something that I like.” She just wouldn’t look at the price tag until after. Right before they stopped for lunch she called Tim.



“Hi.” She said shyly.



“Hi, honey. How’s the shopping?”



“I spent eighteen thousand…”



“How much did you buy?”



“Two suits, blouses and a pair of shoes.”



“Good, sweetheart. Don’t forget to pick up something casual. Call me when you reach forty thousand.”



“What?! No, Tim-”



“Honey, I need to dash. Call me! Love you!”



She touched her fingertips to her lips and smiled. He said those words as if he’d been saying them forever to her. She sighed, she wanted to fit in and she wanted him to be proud of her. She would find nice things because Tim liked nice things.



By the time she returned to the hotel, she had several bags filled with clothes and shoes. She selected a nice corporate casual outfit to wear to the conference. She wasn’t sure what Tim would need her to do for him but she was sure to pack a notepad and ink pen into her oversized bag. She pinned her hair up into a severe French twist because she’d seen a lady at the Prada store with her hair exactly that way and it had looked so sophisticated.



She met Claudette and several other women who had come to the conference down in the lobby. She couldn’t believe how gorgeous some of these women were. They looked like supermodels. Elaina wasn’t anywhere to be seen but then again she wasn’t an assistant. Maybe she’d do double duty and offer to be secretary for Jakob. The Waldorf-Astoria was host to the conference and Martier and the others were led to a large room where a stage was set up in front of tables that had over a hundred bodies. A speaker was holding a microphone and talking while a slide show projected images of charts and graphs behind him. He stopped when he saw the women enter.



“We’ll take a break and reconvene in half an hour. Thanks folks.” There was a round of applause and Tim was instantly at her side. He didn’t kiss her but she knew he wanted to.



“You look great.” He said. He loved when she wore pencil skirts. With her height it was a great compliment to her body, enhanced by her luscious brown legs in nylons and her feet in heels. He wanted to ravage her, but so did half the men in the room. He could tell by the knowing looks they gave him. Somehow that bothered him, that they might think that she was just his common mistress.



“So what do assistants do at these things?”



“There’s a fax machine in the room. Add some information to my contacts and that’s pretty much it.”



“Okay.” That’s it? “Should I do the same for Jakob?”



“What?”



“Since his secretary isn’t here.”



“No, don’t worry about it. Elaina’s here.” He gestured to the couple who was several feet away. She looked over at them in surprise. So Elaina had been avoiding them…and maybe her too. She tried not to let it bother her.



After the conference they returned to the room to prepare for dinner. “I made reservations at the Russian Tea Room.”



“Oh! I read about that in the tourist guide!” She exclaimed. “It was founded by the Russian Imperial Ballet.” She slipped off her shoes. “Honey, do you think we can go to a museum Saturday?” She turned around when she didn’t receive an answer and yelped when he was standing right in front of her. His arm snaked around her waist and he kissed her urgently. His hands cupped her bottom.



“Are you wearing panties?”



She gave him a slight smile. “Why don’t you check for yourself?”



They just made their reservations with not a minute to spare. During the limo ride to the restaurant Martier was quiet but polite. The conversation and smiles seemed a bit forced but there wasn’t anything that she could do to alleviate the tension since she hadn’t been the one to cause it and she wasn’t going to feel responsible for it.



“Are you enjoying your New York visit, Martier?” Elaina asked her.



“It’s been very nice.” She responded politely. She had wanted to take a site seeing tour but the other ladies were only interested in shopping or going to the spa. Maybe Saturday she and Tim would get to see more of New York. She was having fun but she wished that more of it was with Tim.



“Have you seen the Statue of Liberty?”



“Not yet, I’m hoping we’ll be able to take a tour before we’re due to fly back home.”



Tim reached out and took her hand. “Whatever you want to do, honey.”



Jakob cleared his throat. “Well we have tickets to an Off Broadway show…we were hoping that you two would join us Saturday?”



Martier beamed. She would love to go to the theater! She looked at Tim who shrugged letting her know that it was completely up to her. “I’d love that! What is the show?”



Elaina smiled at her. “Jakob told me that you were originally from Africa and I thought you’d like an African drum and dance ensemble. It’s very well received. It is a small International dance troupe and I hear that they are amazing.” Martier blinked. They had bought the tickets with her in mind. Elaina blushed pink. “This is my way of further apologizing to you, Martier. I was very rude and it had nothing to do with you, dear. Honestly, I hope…well that you will someday consider me as a friend.” Jakob gave his wife’s hand a slight squeeze. Martier reached out and quickly gave the woman’s hand a gentle squeeze as well.



“I would like that a lot.”



After that the evening was a success. The two couples talked easily, laughed easily and took delight in introducing Martier to caviar and borscht. Martier thought it was okay but when she discovered that the caviar sample they’d ordered was three hundred fifty dollars an ounce, she nearly blacked out. Why would salty, mushy, little black eggs cost so much?! But she didn’t let on that she thought it was insanity.



After dinner they took the limo back to the hotel and had drinks at the bar. Martier was comfortable with a cup of tea.



“Martier, they won’t need us until later in the afternoon. Would you like to maybe take in a short tour? We can go to the Statue of Liberty.”



Martier realized that Elaina had probably taken that tour before and was doing this just for her. She smiled and told her that it was a date. Tim watched the people that he most valued in the world and felt more happiness than he ever thought he could since Corrine’s death. He wanted to reach out and run his hand down Martier’s warm skin, just to make sure that this was real. He thought about their relationship and how it had grown by leaps and bounds over the last few days. But then he felt a slight nervous tension as he realized that very soon she would expect more. Maybe they should have a talk about sex. Maybe then he would feel better about it. He almost wanted to laugh. Most men wouldn’t think twice about taking a beautiful, innocent girl who shows him every single day how much she desires him. But he wasn’t most men. He cared about Martier enough to make sure that she never had any regrets about her choices with him.





CHAPTER 32



Later, when they headed back to their room, Martier decided that tonight she would make love with Tim. She loved the way he caused her body to almost explode out of control with just his tongue and fingers, but there was something that was missing. It wasn’t complete and she wanted all of him.



They prepared for bed, chatting about the restaurant. While she brushed her teeth she looked over at Tim at the other sink brushing his teeth. He looked at her and despite the toothpaste foam, she could see that he was smiling. Yes…she could get used to this.



The couple undressed and climbed into bed. Tim pulled her into his arms. “Martier…”



“Hmmm…” She hummed as she rubbed the soft hairs on his torso.



“Honey, I wanted to talk to you about something.”



She looked up at him. “Is something wrong?”



“No, sweetheart.” He pulled her closer and kissed her brow. “I was…curious about how you felt about what we’ve been doing?”



“What do you mean?”



“Well, your religion. You have…certain practices and certain things that you’re taught are a sin and…” His mouth felt dry.



She nodded. “We’re taught to abstain.”



“I don’t want you to do anything that you might regret, Martier.” He gazed down at her finding his words. “I care about that more than anything. I don’t want being with me to be a sin to you.”



“I don’t feel as if I’ve sinned. What we’re doing is just loving each other. I don’t care what anybody says, Tim. I have to judge how I feel, not what somebody else wants me to feel. When I…went out with Karl French, it didn’t feel right. Deep down I knew that something wasn’t right—for me anyways. And just like I knew that, I also know that we’re not doing anything wrong.”



Tim continued to gaze into her dark eyes. “You’re sure about this?”



She hugged him and closed her eyes, nuzzling her face against his shoulder. “You’re mine, and I’m yours.” Tim stroked her soft hair and then ran his thumb over her temple. He felt Martier’s soft touch tracing the line of hair that went from his belly button down to his pubis. He sighed.



“I didn’t bring condoms. I didn’t imagine-”



Her eyes opened and she had a mischievous glint in them. “I’m a Catholic girl. I learned the rhythm method at about the same time I learned the Apostles’ Creed.” Her hand found his shaft while her eyes still danced in merriment. He became firm incredibly fast. “But if you prefer to wait…” She gave his very hard cock a squeeze. Tim growled and rolled them over until she was on her back and then he kissed her. Her full lips parted and her tongue teased at his mouth.



His hand moved beneath her gown and cupped her full bottom. “Rhythm method, huh?” He murmured, hesitating again.



“My cycle ended last week so I’m about as safe as safe can be.” She reached up and ran her fingertips lightly along his his face. Her eyes had darkened and her expression was serious as she thought about how long she’d waited for this moment. “Make love to me, Tim.”



“Yes.” He sighed and stopped caring about anything else but this very moment.



Martier knew that she should probably be afraid but she wasn’t. She ran her hands down his back and over his taut bottom, gripping him there momentarily while he nestled between her thighs. The weight of him felt wonderful. She brought her legs up and wrapped them around his waist in a way that she had longed to do for so very long. She could feel the pressure of flesh touching flesh as his hardness pressed against her swollen lips. How they ached in such a pleasant way. Tim was her man and she was his woman and this would seal it.



Martier thought that Tim still seemed unsure. She kissed him and then hid her smirk. He was just so cute when he was unsure. Martier wiggled beneath him and surprised him by urging him onto his back. She felt bold when she took control of the kissing. Her lips captured his ear lobe and she flicked it repeatedly with her tongue until he moaned out loud. She pulled back momentarily to consider which part of his body she wanted to nibble on next. When he tried to reach for her she slipped out of his grasp and slid down the bed until she had his little pink nipple between her lips.



Tim stared down at Martier’s dark head. She had made it clear that she was taking control and he was secretly pleased to put it all in her hands. He watched with hooded eyes as she kissed one nipple and then the other. He felt her teeth on him and shivered and gasped. She looked up at him with something like laughter in her eyes. Did she realize how powerful she was at this moment? He was completely at her mercy. In this moment he would do anything for Martier Besigye; anything she requested, anything that he even thought she’d want.



He sighed and watched her expectantly as her lips traveled downward to the slight trail of hair that ran down the center of his belly to mingle with the hair of his pubis. Tim’s penis strained forward, so hard that he ached. Jesus…he wanted…he wanted her mouth on him. There. He had admitted it. He wanted Martier to suck him and he wanted to thrust quickly into her hot mouth, past her perfect full lips, until he met with her tight throat. His breath felt shallow in his chest as he watched her lips kiss a path downward. The muscles in his belly tensed when her tongue peeked out to leave a wet path that circled his belly button.



He reached out and stroked her hair, making sure not to influence her movement downward. He didn’t want her to know that he was practically praying to God for her to take him into her mouth.



Martier felt Tim’s penis against her side as she moved down, but had intentionally ignored it. She’d touched him many times over the last few days, but it was still a part of him that she wasn’t familiar with. She wanted to know his penis the way she knew his sky blue eyes and the way she knew his smile and each inflection of his voice. Tonight, Martier meant to know every inch of Tim’s penis…



She peeked at the straining appendage that jutted out from his pubic hair only inches from her face. He was purple and so big! Several drops of clear fluid streamed down from the reddened tip, leaving a glistening trail down the veiny underside of his shaft.



She’d never thought much about taking a man into her mouth. Just the idea of intercourse was enough to send her mind reeling without factoring in all of the other possible sex acts that a couple could engage in. But when Tim brought her so much pleasure with his mouth, she began to understand that he wasn’t doing it just because it was a means to bring her to satisfaction; Tim enjoyed tasting her. He more than enjoyed it. Sometimes he kept going even after she had climaxed.



Martier became curious about it. Would she like it? She glanced at Tim and despite his quiet she could tell by the parting of his lips and his half hooded eyes that he wanted her mouth. She reached out, wrapping her fingers around the base of his shaft. He was so hot that she could barely believe it. Tim caught his breath and then sighed softly, as if he was easing the breath from his body. Sticking out her tongue she tasted the clear fluid that had begun to stream from the little hole at the very top. It was salty but a little sweet…and something else. She licked him again, this time allowing her tongue to collect more of the fluid. Tim’s body jerked once and then he stilled.



Martier decided that the taste wasn’t what she had expected but still not unpleasant. There was actually a flavor; this was the taste of Tim. Suddenly, her own sex flared to life. This that she held in her hand is what would slip into her body and claim her virginity. This that her tongue now lapped at would one day plant a seed into her womb that would create their child. But first, this would bring her pleasure and drive her to the heights of passion.



Tim felt her warm wet mouth cover the head of his cock and he couldn’t help when his eyes closed and his back arched and he cried out her name. Her grip tightened on his shaft and she lowered her mouth over him, taking about half of it into her mouth before she gagged. She blinked her eyes quickly and continued, gauging from his reaction that she was doing it right.



Tim could barely resist thrusting into her wonderful mouth. He saw her look at him as if seeking guidance but he couldn’t tell her to do anything differently. She sucked him, she lapped at him unlike the Martier that he…



How could he be so stupid?! This was Martier wanting to experience all things sexual! Just like she marveled at his stories and the food he introduced her to, and movies and music. Who was he to treat her like a china doll in the bedroom when that wasn’t what she wanted?! His eyes took on an intensity that seemed almost like anger. Tim reached down and gently cupped her face until she was looking at him again.



“This is how I’m going to make love to you.” And then he thrust into her mouth smoothly and repeatedly holding her face steady so as not to hurt her.



Martier groaned. Her body seemed to explode in pleasure. She was learning that lovemaking was more about the person that you shared it with than the activity that two lovers engaged in. Having Tim thrust in and out of her mouth was more erotic than she could have ever imagined. In that moment Martier became a lover of oral sex.



Her eyes glazed over as her mouth repeatedly received his gentle thrusts. More, she thought. I need more. She released him and quickly moved up the bed. Tim kissed her, his tongue entered her mouth and when she sucked it he began to tremble. He knew that he would cum before ever completing their union so he had to act now! He rolled them so that he was covering her body.



Her legs parted and he watched her eyes, so dark and filled with passion. Then he lined the head of his penis at her entrance. Her natural lubricant coated the tip and he almost lost it then and there. He continued to look deeply into her eyes as he pushed into her and through the barrier that had given him so much worry.



Martier winced and he felt her fingertips as they clutched at his back. He knew not to stop. He pressed forward until he was half in her tight canal. She was so impossibly tight…he had to be hurting her. But her eyes watched him with something like wonder. He pressed forward, and a soft whimper issued from her lips and he almost stopped until he saw her parted lips and the way her eyes fluttered closed. He placed his lips on hers and kept pushing until he was fully inside of her.



“Tell me when you’re ready.” He whispered into her ear.



“Don’t stop, Tim,” she gasped.



Tim rocked his hips against hers before pulling out and pushing gently back into her. He gasped as her muscles enclosed him, seeming to capture him and hold him within her depths. He had never felt anything like this, he had never been with a virgin and all of his previous lovers had been very adept in the act of sex. There had been wild times, and soft sensual foreplay but never before had he felt such a hot, velvety tightness.



He kept a steady rhythm despite the fact that his body was already prepared to seize and buck to its inevitable finish. He fought to continue for just a bit longer, just until he felt her respond…just a bit more…



When it happened for Martier, it was very quick. One moment she was concentrating on the searing pain and the next moment a pulse began to emanate from the pit of her belly and soon it engulfed her entire body.



Her mouth opened and she cried out words that were unintelligible to Tim.



“Yes, baby, yes…Come on Martier, come on baby!” He urged her.



Her eyes squeezed closed as she felt the heat engulf her. Her cheeks burned and she felt as if she had been ignited in fire! Each time he thrust into her she felt a magnificent energy building. He was pushing her closer and closer to it and for a moment it seemed that it would be too big for her to handle and it would not be contained inside but would spill out; out of her mouth, out of her vagina!



“Please Tim!” She gasped, not believing that this feeling wouldn’t be more than she could manage. “PLEASE!” She begged, unsure of what she was pleading for.



Tim’s hips began pumping faster, driving her closer and closer until he could take no more. With a strangled cry his body finally seized and with one last hard thrust of his hips, he ejaculated deep within her depths. Each shot of semen caused a groan to come from him until soon there was nothing more than sighs.



It was then that Martier’s fist clutched the back of his head and her hips began to buck wildly beneath him. She screamed his name and Tim resumed the pumping of his hips, praying that he stayed hard long enough for her to finish.



“Come on, baby….” He nipped her ear as he rolled his pelvis against her and she mimicked the move. “Yes, baby like that! God!” He felt his cock jerk. Impossible that he could come back to life that quick! It just did not happen! But it did, he was swelling again only seconds after ejaculating.



Martier’s eyes flew open and her head rolled back and forth as she mewed. Her body was lost in the pleasure. It consumed her. She felt him spiral in her and she realized that she was calling out something in a strangely deep voice. Her legs pushed into his back, forcing him to fill her more. She wanted to feel every nerve ending in her come alive. Tim arched his back and pushed deeper into her. He inhaled, taking the scent of their lovemaking deep into him.



“Martier!" His hips quickened as he growled her name. This felt like forever and too quick at the same time.



Martier clung to him as the thrusting of his hips roughly rocked her body. She felt her muscles finally tense and before she knew it she seemed to explode!



“Tim!” She called out suddenly, clutching him blindly. Her heart thudded in her chest and she felt it in her ears, between her swollen thighs and even in the pit of her belly. After a long while when the tension receded within her, Martier finally looked at Tim. She was happy to see that he was smiling at her. Even though she could see that he was still working to catch his breath, the look of contentment was very clear in his eyes and that joy was mirrored in her own.



Tim felt as if he could collapse, but Martier hadn’t said one word. He watched her closely, relieved that he hadn’t hurt her or caused her to cry, so seeing her beautiful smile was the best gift in the world.



“I love you.” He said, and though it wasn’t the first time he’d spoken those words to her, it was the first time that the words didn’t seem to be enough.



She leaned forward and kissed him. “I love you.”





CHAPTER 33



Friday, when Martier finally woke up, she lay in bed smiling for a very long time. She rolled over and hugged her pillow and then laughed into it. Mine. She thought. Mine mine mine. She jumped out of bed and dashed into the shower. As she washed she felt a tenderness centered between her legs but even that wasn’t all-together unpleasant, especially when she relived the night before.



After her shower she slipped into one of the plush terry cloth robes provided by the hotel and curled up on one of the sofas and then picked up a menu. She ordered a muffin basket and a pot of coffee from room service and then looked at the phone and contemplated calling Dhakiya. No. For one thing she would be at work and for another Martier wasn’t in the mood to have her bubble burst.



After room service delivered breakfast, Martier slipped out of the robe, feeling decadent, adult and free. She rubbed fragrant oil into her hair and skin as she ate her muffin and sipped her coffee. She hummed to herself and thought about her transition into womanhood. Did making love make her into a woman? She certainly felt different. She lazed on the settee and grinned at her own private thoughts. Then the phone rang and she darted naked to it thinking it was Tim but it was Elaina asking her what time she wanted to meet up. They set a time and Martier dressed in one of the new casual outfits that she had purchased the other day.



She was heading to the lobby when her cell phone rang.



“Hello?” She answered excitedly.



“Hi, Sugar.” Claudette spoke. “I thought you might want to hang out today. Several of us are going to the West Village and thought we’d do lunch there.”



“Oh…I think I’m going to pass.” She said slightly disappointed that it wasn’t Tim that had called. “I’m actually going sight-seeing today.”



“Oh? Who are you going with?”



“Elaina.”



“Oh.” Claudette hesitated. “I like Elaina but…she wouldn’t have been comfortable had I invited her to join us…and neither would the other ladies.”



“It’s okay.” She hadn’t always been very comfortable, herself. They said their goodbyes, promising to see each other at the conference and Martier met Elaina in the lobby. They greeted each other carefully, and were very polite to each other. But before long the two women got comfortable in the others company and began to have fun and to enjoy themselves.



They saw Ellis and Liberty Islands and as they sat on the boat heading back to the dock the two women stared the Statue of Liberty and Elaina shook her head. “No matter how many times you see this it’s still spectacular.”



“It is.” She smiled at the older woman. “Thank you for inviting me. It’s been amazing.”



“Well it’s not over yet!”



Martier laughed. “Good!” They went to Madame Tussaud’s and Martier used her cell phone to take pictures of the waxed figures of Barack Obama and Michael Jackson while Elaina blew kisses to a waxed Bill Clinton. They had a lunch of pizza in Time Square before rushing back to the hotel to get changed for the conference.



“I’m exhausted but it was fun!” Elaina exclaimed while hugging Martier goodbye. “See you at the conference.”



Martier hurried up to her room and took care in dressing in a smart pants suit and heels. She piled her hair to the top of her head in a bun and put on simple silver earrings. After spritzing herself with cologne she grabbed her briefcase and hurried to the conference.



The roomful of people were milling around, the speaker had evidently ended for the day. She looked around for Tim and moved through the throng of bodies.



“Hello there.” Someone greeted her. It was an older man that she had never before met.



“Hello.”



“What firm are you with?”



Martier gave him the information while glancing away, not wanting to be impolite but not wanting to spend time talking to someone she didn’t know.



“Ah,” the man held out his hand. “I’m Jackson Benson with Barnacle, Benson and Price.”



“It’s a pleasure.” She said politely.



“Who are you with?”



“Tim Singleton.”



Jackson’s eyes roamed her body. “Well he’s very lucky, indeed.”



Martier’s brow gathered and she turned away. “Pardon me, please.” She didn’t like that the man had just assumed that she was ‘with’ Tim…although she was. She saw Claudette with Aaron and headed to the two familiar individuals.



“Hello Martier.” Aaron greeted her.



“Hello Mr. Rangbo. Hi Claudette.”



“Claudette said that you’ve been doing some sightseeing.” He said politely.



She described how she’d spent the afternoon.



“You and Tim should join us for dinner tonight,” he invited.



“I’ll check with Tim. I’m not sure what plans he has. But I’d like that.”



“Just call me, hon.” Claudette spoke. Martier’s cell phone rang then and she apologized and turned away while placing her hand over her ear so that she could hear. It was Tim and her body seemed to instantly come to life. She felt herself grinning.



“Where are you honey?” He asked.



“I’m at the conference but…” She looked around unsure of how she would find him in the throng of people.



“Meet me at the stage.”



“Okay.” They disconnected and she made her way to the stage. Tim was standing nearby. He wanted to watch her before she saw him. When he caught sight of her, Tim felt his mouth pull into a silly grin. Damn she was beautiful. She looked great in her new suit and very corporate sexy. He took a deep breath and then joined her.



He resisted kissing her but couldn’t keep his hand from its possessive touch on her arm. “I’m sorry that I didn’t get a chance to call you. But I made a lot of last minute contacts that should be very lucrative and from here on out its fun fun fun.”



“Good, because…New York is great but I’d like it better with you.” She didn’t want to sound like she was complaining. She was having the time of her life—but she could have had the time of her life back home as long as Tim was there with her.



“I’m sorry, honey. But I’m all yours now.”



But that wasn’t quite true. As they made their way to the exit, Tim was stopped by colleagues and new and old acquaintances until it was another half an hour before they were finally able to leave the large conference room. They saw Aaron and Claudette entering one of the elevators and the couple’s hands were clasped. It was a sight that brought a smile to Martier’s lips and she suddenly remembered the dinner invitation.



“Oh! Claudette and Aaron invited us to dinner tonight.”



“Hmmm.”



“Hmmm?”



He smiled and slipped his arm around her waist. “I was thinking that we’d eat dinner in our room tonight.”



She felt her body flare to life. “How about we have dessert in our room tonight?”



The last thing he wanted was to listen to Eeyore for the next two hours--or more. But he felt guilty that he hadn’t created more social outings for them as a couple. And it sounded like this was something she wanted to do. He ached for her but…



“Okay, dinner with them but after that—”



Martier pressed the button for the nearest elevator and then did something that surprised the both of them. She slipped her arms around him and kissed him lightly on the lips.



“After that I want you all to myself.”



~***~



Dinner with Claudette and Aaron took place in the hotel’s upscale Bull and Bear Steakhouse. Martier was amused at the amount of steak that Tim could consume. The conversation flowed comfortably and she was surprised at how nice and easy-going Aaron was. He insisted she call him Aaron or Eeyore and then he winked at her good naturedly as Tim’s cheeks reddened.



Throughout the meal Aaron would slip his arm around Claudette or clasp her hand unconsciously as they chatted. Martier couldn’t help but to look at the couple and think; one day that will be Tim and I. She reached over and slipped her hand into his beneath the table. He smiled at her and raised her hand to his lips and kissed it gently. When she looked at Claudette the older woman was smiling at her as if she knew a secret. And perhaps it was very obvious that the couple had moved their relationship to the next realm. Martier smiled shyly and lowered her eyes and when the dessert came she managed to do everything with one hand as Tim had never released the other.



“Aaron Rangbo? You old dog!” And older gentleman stopped at their table. He was accompanied by a smartly dressed woman that Martier presumed was his wife despite the fact that she was younger than him by at least 20 years. Aaron came to his feet with a wide grin and the two men shook and slapped shoulders. They made small talk before the other man touched the small of the woman’s back. “This is my wife Ruth. Ruth, Aaron and I go way back. We both started our internship together at Kramer’s…well I won’t say how long ago that was.” There was plenty of laughter at that.



Aaron gestured to Tim. “This is one of the partners in my firm. Tim Singleton. Tim this is an old friend, Bruce Douglas.” Tim stood and shook the man’s hand.



“Pleasure to meet you.”



Claudette smiled at the man and Aaron placed his arms around his shoulders and turned his back. “How long will you two be in town? We should get together for drinks.”



“That would be great. Catch up on old times.” The man replied. He reached in his wallet for a card and passed it to Aaron. Claudette’s smile faltered. She picked up her coffee and took a sip.



“We’re here for the weekend; take in a show, do some shopping.”



“Same here, just for the weekend,” Aaron replied while exchanging his own card with his friend. “Business conference.”



“Oh, well have a good evening and give me a call.” He nodded at Tim and said goodnight to Martier and Claudette before leading his wife out of the restaurant. Claudette smiled at him but Martier could tell that it was forced.



Aaron had snubbed her, and it was made worse by the fact that the stranger had not.



The meal thankfully ended a short time later. Claudette never said another word and Aaron seemed completely clueless as he droned on and on.



The four of them rode the elevator up to their floor and Claudette conspicuously clasped her hands together in front of her while Aaron placed his hand at the small of her back to guide her in and out of the lift. The group stopped outside of Claudette and Aaron’s room; Aaron and Tim still talking all the while. Martier watched Claudette whose expression was completely unreadable.



“Talk to you later?” She asked.



Claudette seemed to draw herself out of deep thought. She smiled and nodded without speaking and then turned and entered the suite of rooms, followed by Aaron, who finally finished his droning.



Martier was quiet as she and Tim headed for their room. “Tired?” Tim asked as he placed his arm around her shoulder. She smiled and met the eyes of the man that she loved.



Martier pretended to yawn behind her hand. “Very. I can’t wait to turn in, it’s been a busy day.” Tim missed a step, breaking his easy stride as he looked at her in surprise. She couldn’t hold a straight face for long and threw her hands around his neck. “I am far from tired, honey.”



His hands went around her waist and the two shared a kiss.





CHAPTER 34



Making love was something that Martier soon began to equate to the creation of a poem. The feelings blossomed and bloomed within her, taking her on a journey where the world around them disappeared. The universe became the feel of Tim’s body covering hers, and her reciprocating kisses and touches. She was the moon and he was the sun and nothing else mattered. This is love. This is how I love you, she thought as she matched his movements as if being taught a strange foreign dance.



The next morning was wonderful. Maybe the most wonderful morning that she had ever had! She opened her eyes to find her head snuggled against Tim’s shoulder and chest, which rose rhythmically as he slept soundly. She looked at him with a new awareness, allowing her eyes to sweep his broad chest with its sprinkling of salt and pepper hair. His arm held her even as he slept and she felt protected. It was a strange feeling.



They lingered in bed as if they were honeymooning but then the phone rang too many times to ignore and they were forced to begin their last day in New York. Tim answered the phone as Martier ran a bath for them to share. He watched the direction that she had retreated and craned his neck unconsciously when she moved out of his sight.



“Tim? You there?”



“What? Yes.” It was Jakob.



“Do you two want to meet for brunch? Or…are you busy. I’m not interrupting anything am I?” He asked with a wicked chuckle.



Tim frowned and focused on his phone call. “Keep your mind out of the gutter. It’s not that. Martier and I haven’t had any time to ourselves and I want to show her around New York.”



“We’re still on for tonight, right?”



“Yeah, of course. And we can do dinner before the show.”



“Sounds like a plan.”



The two friends made plans to meet later and then Tim quickly hung up. He walked into the ensuite bath and stopped at the sight of Martier stepping into the oversized tub, her dark skin a tantalizing contrast to the bubbles that she’d applied. The way that she moved with graceful curves froze him. She had no idea how beautiful she was. She gave him an inviting smile as she sank into the water’s depths. He wasted no time joining her.



Later they skipped indulging in a big meal in order to eat as they went from place to place. He took her to a place in Harlem called the Schomburg Center. She’d never heard of it and felt so young and naïve. This was one of the most important institutions to document black culture in the nation, and she had never even heard of it. She became absorbed in the displays and squeezed Tim’s hand for knowing that this was a place that she would enjoy.



Next they went shopping, but this time for Tim. It was the first time that she had ever accompanied him when he was shopping for more than groceries or a pair of socks. He was a force! He never asked the price and knew just what he liked. If the sales man suggested something that he didn’t like he told him flatly no and the salesmen suddenly didn’t like it either.



They took his measurements and then he selected the style of suits that he liked, consulting with her although she liked everything. He chuckled. Then he selected the fabric that he wanted, as well as shirts and ties. They went to a different store for shoes and yet another for coats. Martier wasn’t bored in the least, she was still blown away by the prices but happy that she wasn’t the only one spending his money. They drank hot chocolate and ate donuts while looking into the window of an exclusive jewelry store.



“Come on, he said.”



Her eyes got big. “Are we allowed to eat in there?”



He scowled. “If they want my money then they won’t have a problem with it.” She laughed. Tim was used to having his way. That was the effect of being raised in the real world vs. in a convent. She knew only to do as she was told…it wasn’t always easy to remember that she was now the master of her own destiny.



Tim bought her earrings; gold hoops, silver hoops, diamond studs, but it was the bangles that stopped her.



“Do you like those?” He asked as he watched her eyes lingering on the colorful display of bracelets, watches and bangles.



A frown had creased her pretty brow. “I remember…the sound of them clanking together.” She remembered the way they looked on sleek brown arms; many bangles that made a special music whenever the wearer moved. She remembered them on her arms. But beyond those images there was just blankness. Yes she had plenty of cheap costume bracelets and she liked them a lot but they weren’t the same as the ones in her memory…



“Martier?”



She looked at him and her expression cleared.



“They don’t cost very much. Pick out ten of your favorites.”



“Yes, but I’m buying these for myself. No arguments, Tim!” She said firmly as she selected the bangles that she wanted. He kept his mouth shut.



Once they returned to the hotel, there was only enough time to get dressed for dinner…well they made time to kiss and hold each other before hurrying to the lobby to meet their awaiting friends. Martier smiled because she could honestly consider Tim’s friends as her friends.



~***~



Martier couldn’t keep the smile from her face as she sank into the red, plush velvet seat. She felt as if she was in a palace! There were chandeliers and rich brocade curtains with tassels and beads. The carpet was intricately woven and everyone present was dressed richly. She stopped feeling self-conscious at the black satin dress that hugged her frame and showed every curve that she possessed. Back in the room Tim kept running his hands over her form and she was hard pressed to make him stop so that they wouldn’t keep Jakob and Elaina waiting.



Tim had a hard time keeping his eyes off Martier. Her excitement renewed his interest in the theater. He had long ago grown bored with shows where actors were overly dramatic and the venues reminded him of bordellos that had seen better days. But through her eyes he was able to remember how exciting this all was. He clasped her hand, holding it against his leg and she smiled at him with bright eyes. Next time he would get box seats for them.



Elaina leaned in to Martier to describe how acclaimed the dance troupe was. “The dancers are from all parts of Africa and so are the musicians. I probably won’t know the difference between one type of African music from another but the playbill says that they have several types that they will be playing.”



“I’m excited.” Martier exclaimed.



“You were a child the last time you were in Africa,” Jakob began, “do you think you’ll remember any of the dances?”



“Well…” she hesitated, “I don’t have much of a memory of my time before the convent-”



Tim spoke. “It’s understandable considering the trauma she went through.”



No one spoke as they thought about what Martier must have endured and she felt a little uncomfortable that they would spend any amount of this enjoyable experience worrying about her. She cleared her throat.



“If I remember any of the dances I promise to recreate them for you when we return home.” With a chuckle the chitchat resumed. Soon there was a single drumbeat that filled the room and Martier watched the stage excitedly. Elaina smiled as she glimpsed the young woman’s open enjoyment. She honestly liked her and not just because she was with Tim. Maybe she would have only thought of someone like Priscilla as a companion to her friend but somehow Martier and Tim seemed right together.



Lights shined onto the stage and several men and women dressed in simple but colorful flowing bits of fabric danced onto the stage. Martier thought it looked partially like ballet and partially like praise dancing. And then more dancers entered the stage amidst the sounds of thundering drums that seemed to move through your very bones. She sat riveted to her seat, eyes glued to the performance.



Tim noticed that Martier barely moved as she watched in fascination at the performance. He felt bad that they hadn’t done much in the way of culturally diverse activities. Maybe she wanted to go to a movie featuring an all black cast, or a concert or…he didn’t know. He’d never had a reason to think about things like this before. Maybe he’d talk to Claudette about it. He didn’t want her to suffer culturally just because she was with him instead of someone like Karl French.



As the show moved onward, Martier began to feel the music as much as she was able to hear it. In her mind her body was swaying and she was dancing…but not like them. She was dancing in the sun. Everything was so bright and then suddenly she could focus and she saw a field and she gasped softly. She couldn’t move as she visualized surroundings that felt familiar but weren’t. She suddenly knew that she was running free and laughing and with the backdrop of the dancer’s feet thumping the stage and the drums and horns Martier was suddenly transported to a different place and a different time.



In her mind’s eye Martier was playing with the others. She knew them, couldn’t imagine that she could have ever forgotten them. She was the baby and they were older but her brother and sisters gave chase for the soccer ball, their long legs slicing through the air with impossible speed and precision and even at six years old she kept up easily.



Soon it was time to end the game and Fifi collected his soccer ball and headed home for dinner while Martier and her brothers and sisters headed back to their own home. Yook stayed close and Martier didn’t really understand why, but every since Papa went away he never let the younger ones out of his sight. All Martier knew is that she got to play with her big brother more often. Bad things were going on, she knew that. She wasn’t allowed to walk to the store anymore and Mama didn’t let her watch the television today or yesterday.

Finally she just told Yook to take them outside so that they could stretch their legs. They had a lot of land because Papa sold the coffee that grew on the many trees but their land also contained a washing station. It was one of the few places that people from all over could bring their beans and then Mama roasted and brewed coffee all the time for the white people to taste.



Martier liked the smell but Mama didn’t drink it. She liked tea. Martier had asked her why she didn’t grow tea then and Mama had shook her head and smiled.



Her sister Maiba had to use the toilet and rushed ahead holding her crotch. The eight year old girl dashed into the house and it was her screams that caused Yook to sprint in after her—almost knocking Martier down. She followed, her heart in her throat and from her position at the entrance she could see that there were a lot of people in the house. Yook’s friend Kokayi was there…but he was swinging a machete. Martier didn’t understand and there was so much confusion and screaming and then she saw Maiba on the floor. One moment she had been running to the toilet and the next she lay still on the floor.



Time seemed to stand still but couldn’t have been longer than a few seconds. Yook came running out of the house and he picked her up, sprinting back the way they had come. Martier clung to him and watched in terror as a gang of boys all carrying machetes and knives came running from her house after them. There was Kokayi and Dum that worked at the store. A boy named Chuma was with them and he wasn’t much older than her.



Yook was a fast runner, the fastest that she’d ever seen…without her added weight he could have easily outrun them. But then the raised machete came down and a young Martier screamed out HAGARARA! STOP! Yook stumbled, his grip on her tightening as he landed to one knee and tried to scramble up. His back had been sliced open, the flesh splayed apart in vivid reds and pinks. How could this be happening? And then the machete came down one final time and her brother dropped, covering her with his twitching body.



Her arms stayed around his neck, her knees locked around his body as the blood finally began to pool out from the wounds in his back. She couldn’t breathe though her mouth had opened to scream. But the wind had been knocked out of her…or maybe just the words were lost in all of the confusion, or locked in her small body. Kokayi came to a stop above her brother’s twitching body and his eyes were big, his machete rose again and the two locked eyes. She saw creases suddenly form in his smooth face and before her eyes he aged twenty years and then he lowered the machete and turned away. His companions watched him momentarily and then followed him. Kokayi was twelve years old--the same age as her brother.



Tim’s eyes were riveted to the stage when he felt Martier’s grip tighten and her body stiffen. He looked at her, thinking she was excited and for a few moments he had no idea that it was anything different. Her eyes stared forward and her breath was held as if she was engrossed in the show. But it only took a moment before he realized that tears streamed down her brown cheeks and her parted lips sucked in shallow breaths.



“Martier?”



Her wide staring eyes never moved.



“Honey?” He turned fully in his seat towards her. Elaina, on the other side of her looked curiously from Tim to Martier, not realizing that something was wrong.



Martier slipped from beneath the still warm body of her brother once it became night. She didn’t want to move—she was supposed to stay with Yook. Mama said that he was supposed to look after them and she remembered that her mother’s pretty face always looked worried since Papa’s job had sent him away. ‘Don’t worry little one. Papa will be home soon.’ She began running home, her feet smacking the hard ground…her shoes were gone. Where? How? She didn’t remember and Mama was going to be mad that she’d left them somewhere. She darted into the house and the door was open. That wasn’t right that the door would be standing open like that…her thoughts felt very fuzzy in her head but she remembered to shut it. She needed Mama, but she stumbled over something in the dark. Her sister…



“Ndashaka, Mama!” Martier suddenly exclaimed and Tim placed his hands on her shoulders.



“Tim, what’s wrong?!” He heard Elaina’s urgent question but he was too alarmed at the way her body shook to remember how to answer.



“Ndashaka, Data!” Martier screamed. “DATA!” He turned her face so that she was looking at him.



“Martier! Look at me, honey,” but she was there and not there. People around them turned and watched them and yet the performance continued. Ushers converged on them, Jakob was suddenly standing there beside them and Martier was pulling away, trying to back into her seat. “MAMA!” she screamed over and over.



Tim came to his feet and lifted her bodily from her chair. He held her like a child in his arms and she clung to him, her face buried against his neck, her eyes tightly squeezed shut and her body quaking. He pushed past the concerned ushers and hurried up the darkened aisle and out of the auditorium with Elaina and Jakob right on his heels.



Attendants met them at the entrance, closing the doors after them—blocking the muffled wails of the young woman from the performance. They tried to help, they tried to ask questions or to direct him but he brushed past them to the nearest couch where he sat her on his lap, rocking her and holding her tightly.



“Martier? Martier?” He repeated while she cried out in her native language, shaking and sobbing into his chest. One of the attendants was a young man and after recognizing the language she was speaking he tried speaking to her in her native language, his voice lyrical and soothing. But all she would do is to repeat the same phrase over and over while keeping her face buried into Tim’s neck.



“What is she saying?” Tim asked while rocking her.



The young African was frowning. “I want Mama and Daddy…”



“What’s wrong with her?!” Jakob asked as he knelt beside them.



Tim met his best friend’s eyes fearfully. “She’s finally remembering.”



~***~

Martier was tucked into bed. She was quiet, sleeping. It had taken an injection from a doctor that was called in by the hotel to finally quiet the trembling young woman. He shut the French doors to the bedroom and dropped down on the couch in the front room where Jakob and Elaina were waiting.



“Tim,” Elaina began, “She’s going to need a doctor-”



He met her eyes. “You want me to put her in the hospital.”



Her gaze was unwavering. “Yes.”



“No.” He said flatly. “I don’t want them treating her like she’s a mental case when all she’s doing is remembering.”



“You have no idea what damage is going on in her mind.” Elaina replied.



“She’s right.” Jakob said. “We’re dealing with post traumatic stress, Tim. She’s blocked something horrible for most of her life and suddenly she’s having to face it. She needs help doing that.”



Tim didn’t respond for a long time. He finally sighed. “Okay…but not here. I want her back home. And I don’t want her in a hospital-”



“You can’t put her on a plane like this.” Jakob said.



“Then I’ll rent a car and drive her home! But I don’t want her in the psyche ward. Period!” Jakob nodded after a moment.



“I can make a few calls,” Elaina spoke. “I’ll find someone for her.”



Tim nodded. “Thank you.” He stood up and began pacing. He realized that he was still shaking himself. He made himself a drink and rubbed his tired eyes and Jakob joined him at the bar. “She’s going to be alright. She’s strong, she’s smart and she has you.”



Tim nodded, too emotional to speak. “I should have…” he cleared his throat. “Should I have gotten her a therapist when I first found out about her amnesia?”



“You didn’t do anything wrong.” Jakob placed a hand on his shoulder and then looked over at his wife who watched them with concern. “Get some rest, Tim. Hold her and let her know that outside of her mind someone is waiting for her to return, someone who loves her.”



Tim nodded and hugged his friend and then went over and hugged Elaina. “Okay. I love you guys. Thank you. I’ll talk to you in the morning.”



“We love you, too, honey.” Elaina said and then they left him to tend to Martier. Later that night Tim spooned against Martier, pulling her close into his chest and holding her tightly, hoping that she could feel his arms around her while she relived the nightmarish memories.



~***~



Martier felt tired, thirsty and sore. Where am I? She sank back into the comfort of Tim’s arms and fell asleep again. When she next opened her eyes she was alone in the bed. Panic began to set over her like a cloud and she scrambled out of the bed…or tried to. Her limbs had grown stiff and the bed covers were suddenly restraints. She stumbled to her feet and out of the bedroom, to the front room where Tim was pacing and talking on the telephone. She felt awash in relief.



Tim met her eyes, “I have to go. Yes. Thank you.” He hung up approached her carefully. “Martier?”



Her dark eyes were filled with pain. “Tim, I remember it all. All of it…”



He pulled her gently into his arms. “It’s okay, honey. I know it’s hard but it’s going to be okay.”



Her body began to tremble. “It’s…” She couldn’t find the words to describe how horrible it was. Silent tears fell down her face and Tim lifted her in his arms and held her.





CHAPTER 35



They flew back home. Martier was very quiet and stared out the window of the plane for nearly the entire trip. Tim knew that she was trying to make sense of the new memories. He promised that they would get her someone to talk to about them but she only shook her head without responding.



Tim insisted that Martier take off a few days of work but two days of roaming her home with only memories of death and blood to keep her company was too much. Elaina had tried to keep her company but Martier finally had to tell the well-meaning woman that she needed this time alone to sort through things. Besides, the well-meaning woman wanted to talk about therapy and psychiatrists as if she was insane.



Why would she ever want to talk about it? All she wanted to do was to forget. Well that wasn’t completely true. Remembering her mother and father and her brother and sisters was a joy. And those memories kept her from sinking into a total funk.



When Dhakiya visited her to see her purchases, Martier couldn’t help staring at her in newfound appreciation for her friendship. I am a Hutu and you are a Tutsi but we both lost our family due to the mass killings. There is no rhyme or reason to it all, there is just accepting it and moving on.



This young woman had done that; had lived her memories of her own family’s massacre. And it was in that moment that she knew she wouldn’t share that she had regained those memories, not with Dhakiya or with anyone else. She plastered on a smile convinced that she would put it behind her.



~***~



“You sure you want to go back to work?” Tim and Martier were cuddled on her couch. A movie was playing but they had barely watched any of it.



She gave him a half smile. “I want to go back to work.”



“Okay.” He placed a kiss on her lips and then sighed. “We should go to bed then.” He’d slept each night at her house. In actuality he wanted to take off work and stay with her but she wouldn’t allow it. It made her appear helpless and she didn’t want him to think that about her. She wanted everything to be normal but…there was a hopelessness that engulfed her and she couldn’t seem to shake it. She supposed that she was mourning—something that she hadn’t been able to do when she was six years old.



The next day as they drove in to work Tim mentioned that Claudette hadn’t been in to work since returning from New York either. Martier suddenly remembered how Aaron had snubbed her. She felt bad that she hadn’t thought any more about her friend. She’d call her as soon as she got a chance today.



Martier looked good in a gold and taupe Versace suit with a pencil skirt and a pair of Vivier pumps. Her hair was pinned in a French twist and she had donned a pair of small gold loops that Tim had purchased for her. She was a far cry from the young girl that had walked into the office months before wearing hand-me-downs from the church’s donation bin. Several of their acquaintances greeted the couple as they headed for their office and Martier didn’t feel the least bit self-conscious.



She had several messages and a backlog of work to get straightened out. She was going to have a busy day—and that was a blessing. She managed to squeeze in a break at ten and hurried down to the lobby for a donut for herself and a slice of lemon loaf for Tim.



“Martier!”



She turned and saw Lois getting ready to enter one of the elevators. The white haired woman hurried to her. “Martier, did you hear that Claudette quit?!”



Martier’s mouth dropped. “What?”



“What in the hell happened in New York?”



“Well…nothing. She seemed happy and…I need to call her!” She forgot about the donut and slice of lemon loaf and even that she was talking to Lois as she dashed back upstairs for her desk phone before remembering that she had a cell phone. She dialed her friend’s number while she was riding up the elevator.



“Hello?”



“Claudette!”



“Oh, hi, Sugar.”



“Claudette, did you quit?”



“Yes. Yes I did.”



“Oh, Claudette. Why?”



There was a long sigh. “Martier…I can’t go into it over the telephone-”



“Then I’ll come over there.”



There was another pause. “Ok.”



“I’m on my way.” She disconnected just as the elevator door opened and then she hurried to Tim’s office. She knocked once and stuck her head in. He looked up quickly from a file that he was leafing through. “Tim, I need to leave.”



“What?” He frowned. “Are you okay?”



“Yeah. I just…I need to borrow the car for a little while. I need to run an errand and I’ll be back before quitting time.”



“Martier, what’s wrong?” She stepped fully into the office and closed the door behind her.



“It’s Claudette. She quit. Did you know?”



“No.” He looked at her surprised. “Okay, go ahead. I’ll talk to Aaron and we’ll figure out what’s going on.”



“Thanks, honey.”



“Anytime.”



She knew where Claudette lived although she had never been to her friend’s home. Claudette had a pretty house in an upscale suburban neighborhood. She rang the bell and was surprised when her friend opened the door and Martier could see moving boxes cluttering the hall.



“Claudette?”



“Come in.” Claudette gave her a brief kiss on the cheek and allowed her in.



“You’re moving?”



“I’m going back home to Alabama.”



“But why?”



Claudette led her into a nearly empty living room where there was still a couch and love seat but little else. “I’d offer you some refreshments but I already cleaned out the refrigerator.” Claudette looked around. “I’ve sold my bigger furniture and the couches. I have someone picking them up in the morning.” She looked at Martier again, “and then I’m going to fly out.”



“You weren’t even going to say goodbye?” Martier asked, voice reproachful.



Claudette reached for her hand. “Actually…I wrote you a letter. I know that was the chicken way out but…I’m happy you came over because this is better.”



“Claudette, what happened?”



“Well I wised up. I realized that I’ve been a fool.” Martier looked down, so it was about Aaron and the way he had snubbed them, snubbed her. “I thought I was so smart. I thought I had everything under control in my life and was running it just the way I wanted to run it. But then I realized that I was nothing but some man’s dirty little secret.”



Martier looked up sharply, shaking her head in denial. Claudette just squeezed her hands. “I loved Aaron for more years than I care to admit. I forgave him for not wanting to broadcast our relationship in the workplace. And I convinced myself that I didn’t need more; marriage, kids because we were perfect just the way we were--when it’s just between the two of us it’s perfect.” She swallowed and looked away. “I lied to myself because he didn’t act like the other men in the office. He didn’t cat around or even look at any other woman. So I told myself that we were just too evolved for marriage. Our relationship was modern and sensible.” Claudette looked at her and her eyes were narrowed.



“The truth is…Aaron is ashamed of me.” Martier shook her head. “He doesn’t want to be the man that they talk about at the country club, or during his family dinners. Maybe he even thinks that being married to a black woman is beneath him—I don’t know.”



“Claudette, have you talked to Aaron about this?”



“The minute a woman tells a man what she needs from him then she can’t really accept it from him. If I tell him that he didn’t love me enough to marry me and that’s the reason that I’m leaving…and then he asks me to marry him, then it’s meaningless!”



“But you shou-”



“But I did it anyway!” She looked at her sharply. “I told him that he was too scared to face his colleagues and family with a black wife! I told him and guess what? He made no attempt to correct the ‘mistake’.”



Martier bit her lip.



“It’s okay, Martier, because it finally dawned on me that all this time I’ve been waiting for him to come to me. I haven’t been living, I’ve just been waiting.” Claudette finally smiled and there was something in her smile that caused Martier to nod. She understood. She leaned forward and hugged Claudette.



“I’m going to miss you. You have no idea…” She didn’t want to lose someone that she cared about right now when she was in the midst of reliving the biggest loss of her existence. But that wasn’t Claudette’s burden. She smiled at her friend.



“I’m going to miss you too. You are…the daughter I wish I could have had.” Martier choked on a sob and looked down and nodded quickly.



“Thank you.” She managed. “You’re the mother I wish I had.” Claudette placed her palms on the younger woman’s face and looked at her earnestly.



“You take care of yourself. You come first, do you understand?”



Martier blinked away her tears. “Yes. I understand.” Claudette kissed her and Martier went back to work. She told Claudette that she’d bring her personal effects from the office just so that she would have another opportunity to visit her before she disappeared from her life. Although the two friends had made promises to keep in touch, Martier knew that realistically it probably wouldn’t happen. She knew just from the convent that close friends were made but once those friends left, then the friendships ended because out of sight meant out of mind.



~***~



After finishing up with some things in his office, Tim knocked on Aaron’s door.



“I’m busy!”



He opened the door and came inside anyway and Aaron glared at him.



“Where’s Claudette?”



Aaron began to sputter. “I’m getting someone to fill in for her.”



“I heard she quit.”



Aaron’s mouth opened and then snapped closed. “She’ll be back. She just needed a little time. What do you want Singleton?”



Tim closed the door behind him and sat down in the chair opposite the older man. Aaron was tall and thin and while not quite handsome, he possessed a quality that appealed to people. His hair was silver and his face was clean shaven. He normally carried himself with an air of quiet confidence. But today he seemed anything but quiet and confident. Even his suit was rumpled as if he’d slept in it.



“Claudette is the sweetest woman in the world. And she’s devoted to you. What did you do to her?”



Aaron began typing something on his computer. “Mind your own business, Singleton.”



“Did you cheat on her?” Aaron snorted. “Well what then?” Aaron didn’t speak. “It’s not as if there are millions of people that you can talk to about this. I’m one of…well I’m the only one. So what’s going on?”



Aaron sighed. “Claudette accused me of being ashamed of her. It’s completely ludicrous. Everyone knows about us, for god’s sake!”



Tim frowned. “Do you love her?”



“Of course I do!”



“Well, not everyone here loves the person their sleeping with.” He held up a hand before Aaron could sputter at him in anger again. “But I have no doubt that you love that woman…but she obviously does.” Aaron quieted and regarded Tim.



“We’re like…one in the same. It might be foolish to say but Claudette is my better half. She knows me like no other person ever could.” He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “I’m seventy-two years old, Tim. I’m not interested in getting married and…we have a comfortable life together just the way it is.”



“Aaron, it’s my experience that when a person says they don’t need something that their mate desires—then more than likely it’s something that they really don’t want but they aren’t willing to admit it.”



“That’s not the way it is,” he shook his head in denial. “I’ve ALWAYS been honest about my feelings concerning marriage—and it has nothing to do with Claudette’s race. I didn’t want children either…I see the world we live in and I wouldn’t want to bring any human being into this gutter!”



“I’m too old for children, I can’t imagine myself with little ones,” Tim said. “And I’ve already been married and know that it doesn’t reinforce your feelings for the one you’re with. Marriage is not something that I need to repeat.”



“So you understand?”



Tim looked at him grimly. “I understand that if you love her then you’ll do what it takes to make her happy.”



Aaron grunted.



~***~



Martier was placing Claudette’s personal items into a shopping bag that she had found in one of her desk drawers. When she heard Tim’s voice inside the office, she couldn’t help but to listen to their faint conversation.



“I’m too old for children, I can’t imagine myself with little ones, and I’ve already been married and know that it doesn’t reinforce your feelings for the one you’re with. Marriage is not something that I need to repeat.” Martier heard those words and they crushed her. He didn’t want to be married…





CHAPTER 36



“I think this is it!” Dhakiya said. Martier rolled her eyes discreetly. She’d heard the same thing at least once a week. She looked at the dress that her friend was holding up against her body and could have sworn that it was one that Dhakiya had already selected and rejected. She feigned interest and found the words to exclaim about everything she liked about the dress and to downplay any of Dhakiya’s concerns. And then she remembered why it had been rejected; the price tag.



Dhakiya was in the process of hanging it back up when Martier slipped it out of her hands.



“We are getting this dress.”



Dhakiya made a sad face. “We’re on a budget-”



“I’m buying you this dress.”



“No-”



“You said it was perfect for you and you only get married once-”



“Martier this dress is three thousand dollars; a dress that I’m only going to wear once? I can’t do that. I can find a dress I like for half that, I just have to look harder-”



“Listen to me,” she said firmly, “I have the money. Let me do this for you and we’ll consider it your wedding gift.” Dhakiya gave her an unsure look and seeing her hesitation Martier went in for the kill. “Now that we have something new we’ll just need something borrowed and something blue and we’re almost there.”



Dhakiya bit her lip and smiled and then pulled the dress out of Martier’s hands and hugged it. “Eee!” She squealed. She pulled Martier into a hug. “Oh thank you, sis!” Martier smiled as much for the fact that the wedding dress shopping was finally coming to an end as she did at her best friend’s happiness.



“When you get married, sis, I’m going to make sure it’s everything you want! Just think, pretty soon we’re going to be two married women and we have to have kids right away! I want our kids to be the same age so that they will be best friends. We’ll synchronize our pregnancy watches!”



The smile fell from Martier’s lips and she turned away.



“What’s the matter, honey?”



“I…” she forced a smile and squeezed her friend’s hand, “nothing.”



Dhakiya stared at her. “Martier, what’s wrong, inkumi?”



Martier swallowed. “I’m not going to be getting married.” Something felt so hollow and definite at putting those words out there in the universe.



Dhakiya draped the dress over a rack and placed her hands on the younger girl’s shoulders. “Did something happen? You and Tim didn’t break up did you?”



“No, it’s just that Tim doesn’t want to get married.”



Dhakiya didn’t respond for a moment and then she went, hmph. “Well he can’t have the milk without the cow.” She said a few choice words in her native tongue and then flashed Martier a firm look. “You are going to have to lay down the law, sis!”



Martier watched her intently. “A friend of mine said that if you have to tell a man what you need and then he gives it to you it doesn’t mean as much. I don’t want to tell Tim that I want to be married, I want Tim to tell me that he wants to be married to me.” Her throat began to ache as the emotion rose in her. “It’s like…I feel stuck. I love Tim and he’s all I want and I think that I’m all he wants. Can that be enough?”



“Hell no. Because you’re a Christian, sister. You told me that you gave yourself to Tim because he was already your husband in your mind. You haven’t fulfilled that contract. And you want to have children—”



“Tim…” Martier’s voice cracked, “doesn’t really want to have kids, either.”



“Well hells bells! You need to dump this old white man!” Dhakiya said loudly and several women looked at them in surprise. Martier’s face grew warm.



“That’s not fair-”



“I knew that he was going to pull this! I knew it!! Let’s get out of here.” She headed for the door.



“Well what about the dress?”



“Forget the dress!” Dhakiya bit out angrily.



Martier followed her friend out of the store with a sigh. She was on the verge of tears but fought them back. They climbed into Dhakiya’s car and her friend started the engine. “Tim is using you,” she said simply.



Martier rejected that and shook her head. “He loves me, I don’t doubt that.”



“I’m not saying he doesn’t love you.” Dhakiya pulled out of the parking lot and began driving. “But he has to know that you want more than to just keep his bed warm!”



“Oh Dhakiya! You don’t know enough about it to be so judgmental! So he doesn’t want to get married. He wouldn’t be the first man that doesn’t want to walk down the aisle.”



“Okay, but is it marriage he’s rejecting or commitment?” Dhakiya spared her a look. “Because isn’t that all marriage is?” Martier silently stared out of the window. Dhakiya’s voice softened. “I’m not trying to hurt you.”



“I know.” Martier whispered as tears pricked her eyes.



“Has he asked you to move in with him?” Martier didn’t answer. “Have you ever even slept in the big house with him? Does he talk about a future with you? Does he know that you want babies?”



Martier looked at her. “Stop. Okay? Please, just stop.” She looked out the window again and the two friends drove in silence.



~***~



Tim watched Martier with worry. When he’d come over this morning he saw that her eyes were red but she denied that she’d been crying. So much had happened in the last week; the return of her lost memories and subsequent refusal to speak to a therapist and then Claudette’s move to Alabama. Just last week they had embarked on a new phase of their relationship and it had been beautiful. But now it seemed that there was a wall between them that he didn’t know how to get around and it pained him. He wanted to find a way to help her cope or to at least talk to him about her feelings. Instead she kept them trapped inside.



He knew that it was well past time for him to tell her about what he’d learned about her father but he feared that hearing more bad news might just push her deeper into her funk. But it wasn’t his place to keep it from her so after dinner he brought out the file that he had collected on her father and placed it in her hands.



“What’s this?” She was preparing to put in a movie but stopped to open the manila folder.



“Martier I did some research on your family and I thought you might want to see what I found. I had gathered this information in hopes that it would help piece together some of your memories.”



Her head whipped around at him. “You researched my family?” She put the file on the table after snapping it closed.



“It’s about the trial mostly.” He didn’t want her to think that it was a folder of horrible images; there were no pictures in it—not that the details of her father’s imprisonment wouldn’t be horrific enough. “I did this before you got your memories back and I’m sorry that I didn’t give this to you sooner.”



Her mouth parted and then she looked away. “They died. I remembered and there is no more that needs to be discussed.” She made to walk away but Tim took her hand.



“I know that you’re hurting honey, but I wish that you would please open up to me-”



She looked at him again. “Did my father kill people?”



Tim paused. “Yes.”



She blew out a shaky breath. “Then my father did a horrible thing and then he got his just rewards, didn’t he?”



“Martier-”



She shook her head and slipped her hand from his and went into the kitchen.



Tim followed her and watched as she retrieved a bottled water from the refrigerator.



“Martier…you can’t keep this bottled up inside.”



She drank silently.



“You won’t talk to a therapist, you won’t talk to me about it-” he continued.



She gave him a reproachful look that was so uncharacteristic of her that he could only pause.



Her voice was a soft whisper. “My brother tried to save me. He picked me up and ran with one arm holding me. I hung onto him very tightly and his legs moved so fast. I saw the boys spilling out of our house. Some of them were big but a lot of them were friends with Yook; my brother. He played soccer with them. One boy even worked at the grocery store…”



She met Tim’s eyes. “It was confusion for me; why they were swarming out of our house, why they were angry with us and chasing me and my brother, why they were pulling up their pants as if they had just gone to the bathroom and how my brother seemed to know instantly that they were going to come after us. They held machetes and knives and chased us and I remembered looking into the face of my brother’s friends as they closed in on us, being more terrified than I’d ever been in my life. I could see that it was me that slowed him down. My brother was a very fast runner—one of the fastest in our neighborhood. He shouldn’t…he should not have picked me up. He should not have tried to save me. He should have saved himself.”



Tim’s eyes stung at her words and his stomach plummeted.



She stared out the kitchen window into the night. “I saw the machete as it came at us and landed into his back. He was 12 years old but in my mind I see someone much older; a very grand figure that never let the boys bully me. He always took my hand when we went to market, and moved always with so much confidence through the thick crowds so that I didn’t get lost in the shuffle.



“When he stumbled to the ground he never let me go. Well those boys let me go. They just turned away when they saw that Yook was…” Martier reached up and touched her forehead.



“I didn’t know what to do. I lay under my brother but he wouldn’t move and so eventually I crawled from under him. I went back to the house. I didn’t understand then but now I know why my mother’s panties were off and why her blouse was ripped open. I now know why those boys had come running out of our house with pants half off. I just tried to put her clothes back on; hers, as well as my sister’s…”



When Martier looked at Tim again he was as white as a sheet. She shook her head. “No. I don’t agree with you, Tim. It didn’t help me one bit to talk about that.”



Tim stayed the night with Martier, just holding her in his arms. And when she had fallen asleep he went outside and sat down on the porch stairs of the cottage and sobbed. He swore that he would never ever ask her to talk about that horrible time of her life again and if she wanted to forget, he would do everything in his power to help her do so.



~***~



Two months later Dhakiya walked down the aisle in the dress purchased by her best friend. Martier stood by her side as her Maid of Honor and gazed out into the seats where Tim was watching her with pride. Martier averted her eyes and took in a shaky breath and then tried to be happy for her friend, but in the back of her mind was a thought that it would never be her standing with Tim before God and all of their friends and family.



“That was a beautiful wedding.” Tim said as they drove home.



“It was, but I’m very happy that it’s over.”



Tim reached over and grasped her hand. “Tired, baby?”



“Very.” She leaned over and placed her head on his shoulder and stifled a yawn. Two days of rehearsals, last minute adjustments to everything from the decorations to the flowers that the bridesmaids were to carry not to mention a spa visit, hairdressers, and of course soothing her friend’s nerves.



Tim dropped Martier off at her house and then went to his own home to change out of his suit. When he returned to the little cottage Martier had turned the radio on to top 40. She hadn’t listened to her African music in ages and he rather missed it but understood why she didn’t want the reminder.



He rubbed her shoulders as they sat on the couch and she snuggled in his arms. “Do you want to have dinner later?”



“Ugh, I don’t think I’ll ever eat again.”



“I concur that was some buffet that your friend had.” He’d never eaten East African food before and found many of the dishes to his liking. Dhakiya had catered from a local East African restaurant and Tim decided that they would have to definitely frequent the place regularly.



“You have a birthday coming up. I didn’t want to just spring this on you but I’d like to take you to Hawaii.”



She sat up and regarded him with a smile. “Hawaii?” She squealed and gave him a hug.



“I’d love to see you on a beach with the sun on your skin. And I could probably stand to tan a bit.”



Martier kissed him and scowled. “Stop! You are beautiful Timothy Alan Singleton.” She settled back into his arms. “Are you sure that you want to do go to Hawaii with Christmas being just a week later?”



“Well maybe we can extend your birthday trip through Christmas?”



Her brow furrowed. “Miss Christmas here? No I can’t do that. I want to do something nice for the little ones at St. Bartholoma.” She had set aside money to buy every child there a nice gift. But more importantly she wanted to give the sister’s something nice. Everyone should have a gift at Christmas and the sister’s didn’t always get remembered when the money was lean.



He squeezed her shoulder and kissed her temple. She was such a good person that she still thought about the orphanage and the nuns. How had he lucked upon two women in his life that were so carrying and selfless? And what had caused them to love him? He had no idea but was just pleased that they did.



“Then it’s settled, we’ll celebrate your birthday in Hawaii right after Christmas and bring in the new year on the beach of Waikiki.”



She grinned and lightly bit her lip and then came up on her knees and straddled Tim’s body. She ran her hands up his body beneath his shirt, loving the feel of his big chest and toned torso. He always made fun of himself due to his age but in her opinion Tim was every bit as gorgeous as any many half his age.



He gripped her hips and settled her on his lap and as they kissed he began to rise and harden beneath her bottom. His hands moved over her thighs and he cupped her ass, kneading and squeezing her ample flesh. Damn, she had the best ass ever.



She rolled her hips over him, grinding her pelvis into his erection and his heart strained in his chest when the pleasure began to mount.



“Martier,” he sighed and then he pulled open her blouse and pushed up her bra, releasing her breasts. His eyes were glued to the beautiful sight of thick dark nipples topping dark brown flesh. She was fucking perfect. He covered a succulent nipple with his mouth, drawing on it until she moaned and increased the rolling of her hips.



Tim lapped and sucked in pleasure as the flesh thickened in his mouth and then he lightly pinched the other nipple.



Martier cried out and pushed her core against the hardness beneath her, rubbing and soothing her own ache. When she could take no more, she reached between them and opened the front of his pants.



Tim helped by lifting his hips off the couch and pushing down his pants until his aching cock sprang free. Tim sought her other nipple and heard her mew in pleasure. He felt her fingers closing around his shaft and reflexively he sucked her tit even harder.



“Ah Tim, yes!” He felt her guide the tip of his cock against her wet, shaved lips, teasing the tender flesh of her clit until her hips rocked in a rhythm that was new but very familiar to her. She allowed his hard flesh to sink into her tight opening. Roughly she yanked his head back, her hands buried in his thick hair.



Her mouth sought his and they were kissing wildly as she sank down on his hard shaft. Tim sucked in a sharp breath; breathing her in as he did and feeling that the connection they were creating had made them one person. He thrust upward smoothly and she twirled her hips responsively creating an unimaginable friction.



Tim loved it when it was wild like this; clothes pushed aside and Martier lost in the feel of pleasure while he both watched and enjoyed her.



She suddenly threw her head back and tensed. The next moment her body was quaking and she was calling out something repetitively while his own orgasm began to explode around him. He cried out loudly, her words lost in the sound of his cries. He gripped her, his arms going around her small waist as he pumped long and hard into her velvety opening. Each spurt of his ejaculation caused his toes to curl as his semen flooded her.



After a moment she collapsed on him breathing heavily. Languidly he stroked her back until she lifted her head from his shoulder to look at him. Her hair was a beautiful mess and her dark eyes were half hooded but furrowed in confusion.



“What?” he asked while running his fingers through the unruly curls.



“You didn’t pull out.”



His hands halted. “What?”



“I was telling you to pull out.” Her eyes watched him. “My period is due in just a few days…”





Chapter 37



Tim was swamped; criminal activity seemed to increase right around Christmas so ‘Tis the Season. Martier came in without disturbing him and refilled his coffee and then at noon she placed bottled tea and a pastrami sandwich on his desk.



“Thanks Corrine. I haven’t been able to lift my head above water…” His head jerked up and he looked at Martier who had paused by the door. He was horrified at what he’d just done. He’d called her Corrine.



“Oh, sweetheart, I’m so sorry! I didn’t-”



“Tim it’s fine. I’m not angry.” She walked out of the office and looked over her shoulder at him before closing the door.



He buried his head in his hands. “Fuck!” He growled. What was I thinking?! He signed off his computer and grabbed his jacket and then went out into the reception area. Martier was just unwrapping her sandwich and peeked up at him.



“Hey, do you want to eat lunch together?” He asked.



Her mouth moved upward into a slight smile. “You’re busy. You should eat and work so that we can get out of here at a decent hour.”



“No, lets go down to the canteen and eat.”



“The canteen? Why would a partner eat in the canteen when he can eat in his office?”



“Corrine and I used to do it all the time. Come on.”



She gathered up her sandwich and he returned to his office and got his. They walked together down the corridor and several people greeted them. They made a striking presence. She was nearly as tall as him in heels and a wool matching skirt and jacket ensemble. He was in a suit that did little to conceal his strong build.



They took a seat near the glass block wall as it gave them some privacy. Lois winked at her and she waved at her and Diana. Several people stopped to tell Martier hello and to acknowledge Tim and he gave his woman a smile.



“You’ve become pretty popular.”



She shrugged and shook her head. “It’s just hard to miss a six foot tall African woman. Most everyone else here is white and tiny.”



They both chuckled at her accurate observation.



“Sorry that I’ve been so preoccupied. I just want everything in order by Christmas,” he said after biting into his sandwich.



“It’s fine, Tim. Maybe I should start driving the Range Rover to work so that you can stay later in the evening.” She’d never driven it before as they always used the Cadillac. She’d only been in it a few times but liked it. Tim had explained that it was Corrine’s baby and she liked to trek all over the country in it. The two of them had driven it from all points from Maine to California.



“How about I just buy you your own car.” He responded matter-of-factly.



She chuckled. “No. That’s silly when we’re going to be spending so much money at Christmas and for the Hawaii trip. The Range Rover is already there-”



“The Range Rover is old. You need your own car; I should have thought of that long ago.” He gripped her hand and Martier regarded him in dawning realization.



Tim hadn’t really let Corrine go.



~***~



Martier had just hung up her suit and slipped on comfortable clothes when her telephone rang.



“Hello?” She said distractedly, expecting it to be Tim announcing that he would arrive shortly so that they could go out to dinner.



“Martier?” It was Sister Louise.



“Uh…hello Sister Louise.”



“I hope that I’m not disturbing you, dear.”



“Uh, no. I was just surprised to hear from you.” She frowned and sat on the edge of her bed. She hadn’t spoken to Sister Louise since dropping off Tim’s donation items and that had been months ago. She hadn’t seen any of the sisters in several weeks. She hadn’t been to church since returning from New York and wondered if the sister was calling to chastise her. She suddenly felt horrified at the idea.



“I hope you’ve been well. I know that I’m probably the last person that you want to hear from. I…I don’t like how we left things.”



Martier closed her eyes feeling a sharp sense of regret. “No, Sister Louise, it’s fine.” She refused to apologize even though it was on the tip of her tongue to do so. Somehow, talking to a nun always made you feel as if you had something to apologize for and while she hadn’t enjoyed their altercation she had no regrets about speaking her mind and owning her feelings. “Is everything okay?”



“I probably should have called you during business hours but I wanted to try to catch you while you were at home. Sister Nicolette gave me your telephone number.”



Martier’s heartbeat quickened in near panic. “Is everything okay?” she repeated



“Everything is fine. But I wanted to ask you a favor.” Sister Louise hesitated. “I…listened to what you told me when you left. I prayed on it and had council with Father Ashton. I know that preparing the girls with a college education is only one way to help them transition to the world outside of St. Bartholoma. But…I now realize that it’s not enough. So many girls have left us but they’ve lost touch. I feel—I feel as if they might have struggled with fitting into the world outside of our school.” Sister Louise cleared her throat.



“For that reason I wanted to ask you if you might be interested in mentoring one of the girls that has just turned 18 and who will soon be leaving the school.”



Martier’s spirit perked. So she had listened! She did understand that it was cruel to just thrust these girls out into the world. “Of course I will. I’ll help anyway that I can. Who is it?”



“Lindewe, but you may know her by the name Linda. We’ve…uh allowed the girls to choose whether or not they want to use their given names. Lindewe wanted to use her African name.”



She knew the girl, had been friends with her although she had been much younger. She had a pleasant disposition and liked to smile.



“I would be pleased to help. What can I do?”



“Can you help her to find a job? And maybe help her to get accustomed to the world? Sister Callista has offered to allow her to stay with her and she will be moving out Monday.”



Martier was already nodding her head. “Of course. I’ll talk to Tim about getting her hired into the secretarial pool at the Firm. She knows office skills doesn’t she?” Martier already knew the answer to that. They studied that as a part of their regular school curriculum at St. Bartholoma.



She and Sister Louise talked for a few more minutes and Martier hung up promising to call her the next day about how soon Lindewe could begin work.



Later as she and Tim drove to have dinner she explained her conversation with the Sister and asked Tim about Lindewe working at the Firm.



“I don’t see why not. You said that she has office skills. We get our new employees from a temp service but I don’t see why we can’t work out something where we can allow the girls from the school to be hired when they’re ready to leave the convent.”



Martier smiled, not expecting this much from Tim. She leaned over and kissed his cheek.



“You are wonderful. This is why I love you!”



He smiled. “Well don’t get too happy too soon. I’ll have to work that latter out with personnel but I’ll make sure that Lin…Lin?”



“Lindewe.”



“I’ll make sure that Lindewe can begin Monday morning. 8 am.”



Martier gripped Tim’s hand as he drove, grinning happily. “I’ll tell Sister Louise tomorrow.” She looked around. “Where are we going?”



“I thought we’d try that East African restaurant that Dhakiya used to cater her wedding.”



“What?”



Tim felt Martier stiffen. “No,” she frowned. “Not African, not today. I thought we’d go for seafood. How about McCormick and Schmick’s?”



“We’ll have to get valet service. Do you want to have to deal with all of that after the day we’ve had? I thought we’d just stop in some place without a lot of trouble. Besides, we’re dressed pretty casually for.”



“I think I want oysters, Tim.” Martier looked down at her designer jeans tucked into stylish boots. “This outfit cost me nearly $500. I might be casual but I’m definitely not ‘dressed down’.”



He appraised her model-like body, even concealed in a fur jacket it was plain to see that Martier was nothing less than perfection. “Okay, honey. McCormick and Schmick’s it is.” Tim turned down a side street and headed back towards Downtown Cincinnati.



~***~



Monday morning Tim and Martier entered the offices of Rangbo, Singleton, Bradbury and Marx; Attorney’s at Law. Tim gave her a brief peck on the lips and then entered his office and a few moments later Martier received a call that a Miss Lindewe Nzeowu was waiting for her at the 7th floor reception area.

She thanked Tammy the receptionist and then hurried to meet Lindewe. The poor girl looked nervous as she stood waiting and it reminded Martier that just a year ago she had been the same way.



Lindewe was tall though not nearly as tall as Martier. And while she was slightly underfed, she filled out her clothes in all the right places. Martier took a moment to appraise the clothes that the girl had selected for her first day of work; simple yet nice. She swallowed back her guilt that she had not taken the time to stop by the orphanage with a selection of clothes for Lindewe. It had truly been her intent but every time she thought about stepping foot into the convent she felt panicked.



Instead, they had talked on the telephone the day before and Martier had helped her to map out the bus route from Sister Callista’s apartment and then had given her tips on how to dress. Martier knew that the women in the typing pool did not dress as upscale as the secretary and assistants dressed but still warned her against certain clothing faux pas.



It appeared that she had listened well because she looked very smart in dark blue slacks and a light blue blouse. Lindewe gave Martier a nervous smile and the older woman hugged her sister-in-heart.



Lindewe’s eyes scanner her in shock. “You look so beautiful Martier! I can’t believe…”



Martier smiled in embarrassment. She was wearing a grey wool dress and charcoal heels. She now knew how to walk confidently in four inch heels and often wore them. Her hair was pulled back into a loose bun and diamond studs and a diamond tennis bracelet adorned her body.



Martier noted that Lindewe had grown into a very beautiful woman. Her skin gleamed a few shades darker than Martier’s mahogany skin tone but was just as flawless. Her dark eyes were almond shaped and her much fuller lips gleamed with lip gloss. The girls knew that winter was the only time they could get away with that little stunt as the sister’s had a zero tolerance policy on makeup.



Lindewe’s hair was a short natural cap of curls and rhinestones adorned her earlobes. She had four bangles on each wrist and Martier eyed them thinking that they were going to clatter a lot when she was working.



The taller woman placed a comforting arm over Lindewe’s shoulders. “Lets start the day with a cup of coffee. That always makes things a little brighter. And I’ll show you where I work.” Several people greeted Martier as she led the younger girl back to her receptionist station. Lindewe gawked at everything in awe.



“This place is beautiful. Everyone is dressed so well. Martier, am I dressed okay?”



“Yes, of course you are. You will be on a different floor. Many of our clients come through these floors to visit with partners and the other attorneys. There are several conference rooms for that. No clients go to the floor that you will be working so the dress policy isn’t as ‘upscale’.” Martier made quotes with her fingers.



Back at her workstation, she quickly made coffee while Lindewe sat down in the small leather office chair wearing a huge smile on her face.



“How do you like your coffee, sis?”



“Oh, let me do that!” Lindewe jumped up and took one of the styrofoam cups used for guests. She added lots of cream and sugar.



Meanwhile Martier filled her and Tim’s mug as she chatted about the clients, Tim, partners and other office tidbits. “Come on follow me and I’ll introduce you. Just leave your coffee on my desk.” Martier knocked once on Tim’s door and then entered. Tim was on the phone and raised his finger at Martier as he finished up his conversation. He hung up and stood and then offered his hand to shake.



“This is Tim Singleton. Tim, this is Lindewe Nzeowu. She and I grew up together.”



Lindewe shook the offered hand shyly.



“Welcome to the firm. I’m sure you will do well but if you have any problems or issues please contact Martier immediately.”



“Yes sir. I will.” Lindewe whispered, eyes looking down at her shoes. Tim shot Martier a concerned look but she just shook her head slightly and then smiled.



“I’ll take you down to personnel now and they will get you settled down. Shall we meet for lunch?” Lindewe nodded shyly. “Go out to my desk and wait for me there while I speak to Tim, okay?”



Lindewe nodded in relief. “Nice to meet you Mr. Singleton,” she whispered before leaving.



His brow quirked up. “She’s as skittish as a colt. Do you think she’ll be okay?” She was even shyer than Martier had been. At least Martier had met his eyes and spoke in a semi-normal voice.



“Yes, she will be okay. Remember, our school never interacts with males. Likely you are the first man that she has ever been in a room with other than the priest at St Francis. She hasn’t gone to college so she doesn’t have even that much. At least I did have some contact with people other than nuns.”



“Damn. Well I know that you will take care with her.”



“I’ll be back directly,” She closed the door behind her and joined Lindewe who jumped to her feet quickly.



Martier grabbed her coffee and smiled at the nervous young girl. She promised herself that she would make Lindewe’s transition into the ‘world’ much easier than it had been for her.



~***~



Martier led Lindewe to the canteen when it was time for lunch. She didn’t see Lois or Diana but did see a young woman that she liked. She was the assistant to Justin Miyoshi who worked nearly exclusively with Asian clients in all matters from criminal law to personal injury and estate.



“Mr. Miyoshi allowed you to leave the work area? That man knows how to keep you busy.” Martier said as she and Lindewe sat down.



Amber looked up and smiled. “I know, right?” She closed her electronic tablet and looked at the shy girl next to Martier. “Who do we have here?”



Martier did the introductions and then they began eating their sandwiches which Martier had purchased. She didn’t want Lindewe to have to use any of her money until she had at least received her first check.



It took a few minutes but the younger girl soon warmed up and began talking about the clerical pool and how fast everyone typed. With a shy smile she boasted that she was one of the fastest.



Two secretaries joined them and Lindewe warmed up to them quickly. Martier smiled to herself. Someone should have been there to do this for her. She would need to talk to Sister Louise about starting a mentor program for the young girls. There was no reason they should wait until they were 18. She thought about the logistics of mentoring several young girls and it excited her.



Lunch ended too soon and Lindewe had to return to work. Martier offered to take her out to dinner so that they could discuss her first day ‘in the real world.’ Lindewe gave her a quick hug and then happily returned to her duties.



Tim was actually happy to stay at work. He cautioned that he might be in the office until very late and told her to take the car and he’d take a cab home. She bit back her retort concerning the second car and simply nodded.



Martier and Lindewe had dinner at the same pub that she and Dhakiya had dined after her first day working and the younger girl jabbered away excitedly about work and a friend that she had made. She glanced shyly at her hands. “The men are very handsome.” She looked at Martier quickly. “Their all so rich!”



Martier smiled. “Not really. People spend a lot of time on appearance.”



Lindewe chewed her lip lightly. “How am I ever going to be able to afford it all? Sister Callista let me move in last night so that I wouldn’t be too tired for work and she said that I can stay with her until I get on my feet. She’s really nice—not like living with a nun at all.” She leaned in close to Martier. “She listens to real radio and watches movies with—you know…sex. She gave me my own room and she doesn’t come barging in to see what I’m doing! I love her!”



Martier laughed. “I love Callista too. She is wonderful. I roomed with her at Bartholoma and she never invaded my privacy.”



“She talks about you a lot. She says that you are a success story.”



Martier smoothed her napkin and opened and then closed her lips. “I’ll have to call Callista. I miss her. The money situation is daunting, I know. But you have people who will help you and before you know it, you will be independent.”



“That will be great Martier. Thank you for everything. I was really afraid…”



She gripped the girl’s hand.



~***~



Martier hummed softly as she dusted Tim’s home office the following Saturday. He’d been working tireless trying to get all of his loose ends tied before they flew out to Hawaii next week. Martier decided that she didn’t want to spend Christmas here after-all. In actuality she kept picturing herself returning to the convent to drop off presents to everyone and it nearly caused her stomach to turn. So she decided that she would have everything shipped while she sipped Mai Tai’s on the beach.



Tim leaned back in his chair and watched her as she moved about the room. He marveled at how she could become more gorgeous each time he saw her. For instance when she dressed in her office finery she seemed sophisticated and worldly and he would have to suppress all desires to back her into an empty office and mindlessly fuck her.



But then on days like this; when she cleaned the main house dressed in jeans and a t-shirt with her long hair pulled back into a cute ponytail he thought that she looked carefree and fresh and it caused his heart to ache that she could be so damn perfect. He would fantasize about stripping her slowly out of her jeans and eating her right where she stood—generally while she still held a dust rag or a container of window cleaner.



She saw him looking and then gave him a quick smile. “I won’t be long in here-”



“I like this kind of distraction. Now if only you would wear a cute little maid uniform and dust in high heels—”



“Okay…no.” She said with a smirk.



He grinned and turned his attention back to his work. A moment later he looked up and cocked his head. “Did you get your period yet?”



Martier’s lip twisted and a frown crossed her brow. “No, but it’s only a day late. I’ll probably get it this evening or tomorrow.”



When he didn’t respond she looked over at him. His face was filled with tension but then his brow smoothed and he returned his attention back to his computer.



~***~



Martier and Lindewe were eating in the canteen Monday. It was cold and nasty outside and she couldn’t wait until Friday when she and Tim would fly to Hawaii.



“I hear we’re going to get snow.” Lindewe said.



“Ugh. I hope its after I’m in Hawaii.”



“Remember when we were kids and we used to love snow? We’d pull on boots and the sisters let us go out in pajamas for the first snow fall.”



Martier smiled. “Yes. Sometimes they would come out and play with us.” She had nearly forgotten about that. The nun’s with cheeks as rosy as the children as they made snowballs and tossed them playfully at each other. She had to remember that just as she was a child being raised in a convent, the nuns also experienced everything along with them as the convent was home to many of them as well.



Lindewe put down her sandwich. Her eyes were bright when she regarded Martier. “You are so lucky; a trip to Hawaii for two weeks with your gorgeous boyfriend. Martier…” She shyly bit her lip. “I want to be just like you!” She bounced in her seat. “I changed my name at personnel. I’m going by the name Linda—everyone calls me that anyways. Also, I want to get my hair done. I want a long weave—with waves like yours. A black lady that I work with has one and she told me where I can get my hair done.”



A wave of expressions moved across Martier’s face. “Okay.”



“It’s going to cost me two hundred dollars.” She leaned forward. “Do you think you can loan it to me?”



“Of course.”



“I want to change my style. I don’t like looking like I’m a kid straight out of a convent. I want to dress like you and the other assistants.”



Martier sipped her iced tea. “You’ll have to work to get out of the secretarial pool. I know you can do it, sis. You’re fast, smart and if its what you want then its what you’ll get. I’ll bring you over to my house tonight and we’ll go through some clothes that might fit you. You’re not as tall as I am and some clothes that I got from Tim’s wife will fit you much better than they ever fit me.”



“Really?” Linda asked with excitement.



Martier smiled but it was troubled. “Yes of course.” The younger girl squealed and hugged her.



“I love you!”



Martier smiled. “I love you, too, Lindew—Linda.”



~***~



Martier called Dhakiya that night after Linda had left her place. The girl had opted to take a cab so that she could get her hair done later that evening. She stated that she would not go back to work one more day looking like an ‘African’.



“Dhakiya! I think I’m messing this up!”



“Sis, what are you talking about?”



“I suck at being a mentor.”



Dhakiya chuckled. “Already? You’ve only been doing it a week. Give it some time. What’s the problem?”



She explained about Linda’s change of name and the weave and wanting to change her style of dress.



“Uh…didn’t you do all of that when you first started working there?”



Martier chewed her lip. “But…I don’t know…” It felt as if Linda was losing herself in trying to fit in and maybe that is what had happened to her as well. Had she lost herself? And it wasn’t just that. Everything was just so confusing right now. It seemed that so much of the joy had left her and she wasn’t sure how to get it back. And now there was this thing hanging over her head with her missed period and the way that Tim was reacting to it.



“What’s really going on? Changing her name back to Linda was just good taste and who wants to dress in clothes from the church’s donation bin? So what’s really on your mind sis?”



“Well she said she wants to be like me!” Martier blurted out.



“And what’s wrong with that?”



“I…”



“Sis?”



“I didn’t get my period.” There was quiet on the other end of the line.



“Martier…” Dhakiya finally whispered.



“I know sis. This is bad.”



“Oh my god. Martier this is not where your life is supposed to be going! Honey, you are basically waiting for this man to ‘get it’. But he’s not going to ever do that because he is content just the way things are.”



“I know, Dhakiya.”



“Shit! Shit, Martier. What does Tim think?”



“We haven’t talked about it. But I know he doesn’t like it. I mean, he keeps asking me if I got my period and I want to snap at him that this is not my fault.”



“Martier you’re going to have to discuss this with him; and not just your missed period but the future, your wants and needs. Because honestly, he is being selfish. I’m sorry but I feel that he is not considering your best interest, and is only fulfilling his own desires.”



“But I love Tim so much.” Tears sprouted in her eyes. “I don’t have any other choice but to love him in this way. I mean, it’s too late for me to step back. It’s easy for someone that is on the outside to think that I should do ‘this, this and that’. But I’m living it and I can promise you that its not that easy. I can’t make him say, ‘I want to get married.’ If I make him say it, or…or…” She was sobbing by this time. “Or if I force his hand, then I’ll always wonder if it was for the wrong reason.”



“Sweetheart, all I’m saying is that as much as you might not want to hear this—maybe the sisters were right. Maybe the world is filled with similar situations; a girl opening up for a man because she has claimed that man for her own before he has ever done the same. Every single mother out there has probably had the same thought, Martier—that they will live happily ever after with the man that is filling her belly with his seed. I appreciate the fact that you love Tim. He loves you too, I see it in his eyes. But you’re waiting for more and he doesn’t need more.



“Martier, I’m not trying to make you cry,” She said when all she heard were quiet sobs on the other end of the line. “But you have to tell him to set you as a seal upon his heart! You deserve that, sis! You deserve him to make it known that he is in love with you to everyone—including God.”



Martier swallowed back her tears. “Yes.”



“Nda gukunda.” Dhakiya said.



“I love you.”



Martier wiped her face after they had hung up and then she got her bible. She stared at the cover and then kissed it before opening it, eyes quickly scanning the passage at Song of Solomon 8:6.



Set me as a seal upon your heart,

As a seal upon your arm;

For love is as strong as death,

Jealousy as cruel as the grave;

Its flames are flames of fire,

A most vehement flame.

Many waters cannot quench love,

Nor can the floods drown it.

If a man would give for love

All the wealth of his house,

It would be utterly despised.



Martier sighed and closed the bible. She wanted to occupy a place in Tim’s heart that no one else occupied—not even Corrine. She wanted his love, not his wealth and she wanted him to proudly claim it to the world.



Was it wrong that she wanted that guarantee of love that was above all others? Is that something a woman asked for?





Chapter 38



The next morning, Linda showed up at Martier’s desk as she was preparing the morning coffee. Martier hoped that she hid the look of surprise that popped up on her face.



Linda was smiling proudly and bouncing up and down on her feet. Long, silky strands of black hair hung down her back. As Linda was obviously not Asian, the silky black hair was at odds with her dark skin and heritage.



She was wearing cheap lipstick that she had probably purchased from the dollar store because it just left a matted orange film across her lips. She wore one of Corinne’s outfits; a wispy dress that should NOT be worn in the dead of winter. Worst of all is that her feet were adorned in plastic, faux leather go-go boots.



I am the most horrible mentor ever, Martier thought as she considered what Claudette would do right now. She’d been so wrapped up in her own problems that she had failed to take this girl by hand and show her how to fit in instead of heaping items and expectations on her.



Martier placed her hands on her hips and gave Linda a severe look. “First, your hair is too long. We’re going to fix that make-up so that your pretty face is the focus instead of orange lips.” She smiled when Linda chewed her lip with a look of doubt on her face. “And then you’ll be…perfect.”



Linda smiled in relief. Martier said a silent prayer for forgiveness for telling the small white lie. Then she pulled out her earth tone make-up and set about fixing the damage to Linda’s pretty face. She found a clip and pinned up the weaved-on hair until it wasn’t so obvious, allowing a few strands to fall about the girl’s shoulders. After work, she vowed to take Linda shopping for shoes, underwear and her own make-up. Wow, being a mentor was becoming expensive. But Martier didn’t truly mind.



When she finally got home that night she was surprised to see the light on in Tim’s house. He’d been working at the office until nearly 10 pm every night for nearly a week. She parked his Cadillac into the garage and then eyed the truck before entering the house.



“Tim?”



“In here Martier.”



She headed for his office where he gave her a tired look.



“This is insane honey. You need to delegate or leave some of this work until the new year.”



He gave her a kiss, his eyes hooded, but his lips still bore a slight smile. “Some things I can’t leave. A man wants a court date before Christmas so that he can spend the Holidays with his family. And then there’s that adoption that needs to be finalized and I want Miss Reid to get that child support that she deserves. These are all Christmas presents that I want to give to my clients.”



She hugged him and sighed. “When we get to Hawaii will you promise to leave behind all of your work?”



“Well…”



“Tim, please.”



He smiled. “I promise. I’ll leave a message that I will not be available until after the first of the year. How’s that?”



“Perfect.”



They kissed and he pulled back slightly to look into her dark yes. “No period yet?”



Her pretty lips drew down. “No.”



“Do you think you’re pregnant?” His voice was quiet but she didn’t get a sense of what he was thinking.



“And…what if I am?”



“Well, honey, when you’re a responsible adult you take care of situations like this and you deal with them. So…if that is the case then, we’ll deal with it.”



She blinked not very happy with that response. Deal with it? She quickly changed the subject so that she wouldn’t just blurt out everything that was nagging her. “Have you eaten?”



“I had a bowl of soup at the office and I’m not very hungry. I’m more tired. I’ll finish these last few things up and then turn in. I have a court date at 10 and another at 2 so just take the Cadillac and I’ll drive the truck in.” She nodded.



“Do you know what I want, honey?” Her arms went around his body and she rested her chin lightly on his chest as she looked up into his face. “I want to hop into the shower with you, wash your back and then climb into bed and sleep in your arms.”



“Mmmm, that sounds wonderful. Let me grab a change of clothes and we can do that.”



“No, you don’t have to do that. We can shower here and I’ll stay the night.”



He gave her a confused look. “But you don’t have any clothes over here. And all of your bath items are at your place.”



She shrugged nonchalantly. “Soap is soap…and uh, I plan to be sleeping in the nude.”



He paused and then with a frown shook his head. “No, it will be easier for me to just take a change of clothes and meet you at your place.”



She watched as he headed out of the room. “Tim. Do you realize that we’ve made love in the cottage, in the swimming pool, on the lawn furniture, in the garage, but we’ve never made love in this house.”



“What?” he looked at her in confusion.



She crossed her arms before her, a frown plain on her face. “I’ve never slept here in YOUR bed. You sleep in mine but I’ve never slept in yours.”



Tim scratched his head and his expression quickly changed. “Oh honey, we can sleep here if you like. I wasn’t…I didn’t…I’m sorry. Let’s just sleep here.”



She closed her eyes and shook her head. “I knew you’d say that. It wasn’t your idea but mine, so now it doesn’t mean the same.”



He approached her and pulled her into his arms. “It’s a good idea. I guess that I’m just a control freak. If it doesn’t come from me then I tend to reject it until I restate it in my own words.” He tried to joke but she wouldn’t hug him and her expression remained unyielding.



“Tim…are—have you moved on from Corinne?”



“What do you mean?”



Have you set me as a seal upon your heart? She couldn’t ask those words. If she had to ask.



“Martier, I promise that I don’t have a problem with you sleeping here. I mean, we can move your things in here…I just thought you really loved the cottage. You’ve turned it into your own with the African paintings and…”



Martier just stared at him in stunned disbelief. Did he really just ask her to move in with him all mixed in with other statements? Not as if co-habitating wasn’t the biggest step of ones life?! “You want me to live with you in this house?”



He seemed at a loss for words as he watched the hurt and angry expression cross her face. “If you wanted to…”



“Tim! I’m really just trying to figure out what it is that you want. Not what you think I want but what you want.”



His eyes grew large. “What are we talking about, Martier? I just wanted to shower and hold you in my arms while we slept…” She was angry and he didn’t know what he’d done wrong. “Martier, I love you. You know that, right?”



She sighed and nodded. “I know that, Tim.”



“Look, if I’m being too pushy or bossy then let me know. I’m used to things a certain way…so, if you want something a certain way then let me know.” He rubbed her shoulders and she stared up into his face. After a moment she nodded and the tension left her body.



“Yes. I will. I’m sorry.” She hugged him and he held her in his arms.



“Nothing for you to be sorry for. What do you want to do?”



“Let’s just go back to my place.”



He kissed her forehead. “Okay, let me get a change of clothes and we’ll drive there.”



Later that night she lay in his arms wide awake as he snored softly. I’m a crazy woman, she thought. What am I doing?



~***~



Linda stopped at Martier’s desk the next morning and did a quick model pose while Martier laughed and then clapped in approval.



“Beautiful!” She exclaimed. The younger woman had cut her weave down to a more reasonable length and then curled it so that the texture wasn’t quite so obviously fake. She wore tweed slacks and a light blue sweater along with black leather ankle boots. Her makeup was very subtle but striking.



“Thank you, Sis.” Linda exclaimed. “Your suggestions really made a big difference. And I promise to begin paying you back as soon as I get my first check.”



Martier didn’t care about the money but knew that paying her back would instill a sense of responsibility and so she just told her to take her time with the repayment. Since Tim wouldn’t be in the office she asked Linda if she would like to go out for lunch and the younger woman readily agreed.



Martier ran into Aaron Rangbo on her way to the credit union for some extra cash. She rarely saw him these days as he stayed cooped up in his office for the most part. So she was shocked to see that he appeared to have aged ten years—and he really couldn’t afford to do that since he already appeared older than Martier could imagine. His silver hair was too long and his face was pulled into an unhappy scowl.



“Hello Aaron.” She said politely.



“Oh, hello Martier,” he responded distractedly. “How are you these days?”



“I’m fine. How are you Aaron?”



“Uh…I’m good.” He looked down at his feet, knowing that the lie was completely unbelievable. Anyone could look at him and see that he was doing badly. He moved down the corridor without further comment and when Martier returned to her desk she decided to call Claudette to see how she was doing. They’d exchanged letters but she had yet to call.



“Hi Sugar!” The older woman said happily. Martier couldn’t help the happy grin that crossed her lips.



“Hi yourself. You sound perky.”



“I am. Being back in Alabama is like returning home after an extended trip to another Country. It feels…so right.”



“What are you doing? Did you get another job? The last time I talked to you, you were still looking for a place to live.”



“Oh I found a nice condo right outside of the city. I even got a little puppy.” She chuckled. “I haven’t had a pet since I was a kid. I was always ripping and running with Aaron so it just seemed inconvenient to have one and to always leave it alone.” Claudia was quiet for moment. “I found a part time job at a flower shop—not for the money. I have a ton of cash, but just because I like the pace and the flowers and the manager lets me mess around with some arrangements. Martier, I’m loving my life in Alabama.”



“It sounds like you’re happy Claudette.”



“I am. What about you? How are things with you and Tim?”



Martier hesitated because it wasn’t going badly…but she just knew that there was something missing.



“Uh oh. What’s wrong?”



Martier smiled and shook her head. She felt better for some reason even though she hadn’t even told her what was on her mind.



“I’m in love with Tim and sometimes I think it clouds my judgment. I mean, one minute I’m perfectly content and the next I’m questioning it.”



“Why, Martier? Tim is truly in love with you.”



Martier smiled and sighed. “I thought when I…” she looked around to make sure no one was listening. “…when we made love that it would be like a marriage. But it’s not a partnership. Tim makes the decisions because generally he is being very giving with his wealth. I don’t have much of a say. When I say that I don’t want something then he hears, ‘I want it but I feel ashamed to ask you for it.’ But that is not what I mean. I mean exactly what I’m saying.”



“Martier you make yourself very clear when you’re speaking. So…are you speaking? Really truly speaking?”



“What?”



Claudette sighed on the other end of the line, not in annoyance but as if she had resolved to speak on an unpleasant subject. “I loved Aaron but deep down I thought that he didn’t love me in the same way and because of that I gave him too much power over me and I didn’t live my own life the way that I wanted. I acted as if I was married but I wasn’t. I acted as if it was my privilege to be with him instead of the other way around.”



“He misses you a great deal, Claudette.”



“Oh I know he does, Sugar. He tells me all the time. He calls me fairly often and he has apologized, and professed his love and has even asked me to marry him.”



“Wow.”



“The funny thing is, I thought that I had always wanted that.”



“You…don’t love him anymore?”



“I’ll always love Aaron. But now I love him in a different way. Well that doesn’t matter,” Claudette concluded. “What matters is that I’m happy. And I only intend to do the things that make me happy here on out.”



Martier’s office phone rang and she quickly said her goodbyes promising to call her in a few weeks. Wow, she thought again as she answered the business line. Aaron had proposed after professing that he didn’t need marriage—only it was too late.



After her call she checked the time and saw that it was nearly time to meet Linda for lunch. She dashed to Tim’s private bathroom.



“Yay!” The spot of red on the toilet paper was the most beautiful sight! Her period had arrived and she could have tap danced in joy. She wanted to have Tim’s babies…but not now and not like this. With relief she decided that instead of calling him and leaving a voicemail she would wait until she saw him this evening.



Linda was waiting for her in the lobby. “Martier I love that coat. Is it real fur?”



“It’s silver fox. It’s so warm.” Linda reached out and ran her hand over Martier’s fur clad arm and then scanned her form in appreciation.



“You look like a model.”



Martier blushed. “Why because I’m tall? Nah, some make-up and some nice clothes and—”



“No. You’re gorgeous. Everybody thinks so.”



“Thank you, sis. But you know that you are beautiful, too. We are representing Africa very well, don’t you think?”



Linda chuckled and nodded. “And it’s only going to improve.”



They talked and laughed as they walked briskly to a nearby restaurant. Martier got a text message over her blackberry while they waited for their order. She hated when Tim got messaged after-hours when they were supposed to be enjoying some time alone. But she saw that it was her salon confirming her appointment for later in the evening.



She apologized to Linda that she had to call them back, explaining that she had to get into the salon before her trip. She then called them back to quickly confirm her waxing, mani-pedi and hair straightening. “I nearly forgot,” She apologized again. “I have to do this before my trip.”



Linda was just smiling. “Martier you are so lucky! You mark my words, next year I’m going to be going to salons, and flying off on trips with my boyfriend. I already know which lawyer I want. Aaron Rangbo already had a black assistant so I know he likes black women. Everybody is fighting to be his new assistant but I know that I’m really the best typist there. Plus they’re all temps and I’m a perm—”



Martier leaned forward with a frown. “What?”



“Aaron Rangbo! At first I wanted a handsome boyfriend who was young. Some of the lawyers have been checking me out. But everyone says that getting with a partner is the best, only they are never really available. Once an assistant gets with a partner they dig their heels in. With Mr. Singleton his assistant passed away and then you slipped right in. Jakob Marx’s secretary quit but he hired a male assistant. Aaron Rangbo is the only one without one…although he’s really old and not very good looking. Mr. Marx is far more handsome.”



Martier felt her stomach turning at Linda’s words. “No, Linda! Are you saying that you want to be…some man’s mistress?”



“Well…Mr. Rangbo isn’t married.” Her brow moved upward. “It would be like how it is with you and Tim…uh Mr. Singleton.” Martier stiffened and Linda quickly clarified. “I’m not saying that you are his mistress! Oh this is a mess. I’m sorry Martier. I’m not trying to insinuate anything.”



Martier leaned back in her seat, her eyes wide. “I don’t know what to say. Linda, I know that everyone is fighting for a position as an assistant but mostly because the pay is good and it really is a great job. But those few women that are doing it simply to ‘snag’ an attorney are pretty much used and then discarded afterwards. I know. I’ve seen it.” She was thinking of Jakob Marx.



“That’s not what happened with you. Mr. Singleton didn’t discard you. That’s why I’m not thinking about the attorneys. They look at you as if you are an item on a buffet. I want what you have with Mr. Singleton. I want to be lavished with gifts and to fly off on vacations. I want to live in a pretty house like your cottage and I want to get my nail and hair done at the spa instead of sitting at sister Callista’s kitchen table!”



“But I actually love Tim. That is a huge distinction, Linda. We’re in love with each other.” Linda nodded quickly in acceptance. “Don’t you want to be in love with the man that you chose as yours?”



“Yes. I would like to be in love.” She looked at her peeling nail polish. “We didn’t have much in the convent. We were deprived of love and simple necessities. We couldn’t even have perfume!” She looked at Martier. “I could fall in love with Mr. Rangbo. When I said that I want what you have I also meant that I want to be loved and taken care of. And in return I’m going to love and take care of him.”



Their food arrived before Martier could respond. Linda continued after the waitress had left. “At least my focus is on Mr. Rangbo who is not married. I could have set my sights on Jakob Marx but he’s married and is locked down by his wife now even though everyone said that he was the biggest manwhore around. He even has a kid with a previous secretary.”



Martier blinked, everything that she was getting ready to say got lost in that revelation. “What? Jakob has a child?”



“Yes. His wife has no idea. Someone from payroll said that he has a separate account set up that pays this other woman and their child.” Linda reached out and touched Martier’s hand.



“No one talks badly about Tim or Aaron. They are good guys and no one is even trying to compete with you because of the way you look. But, Martier it is very cut throat. Everyone is scrambling to work for an attorney so that they can get perks.”



“My God…I didn’t realize.”



Linda stabbed a fork into her salad making sure to spear a piece of grilled chicken. “Mr. Rangbo just sends his work down to us and you should see everyone fighting for it.” She raised pretty dark eyes to Martier.



“One day he came down and he looked at all of the girls but his eyes lingered on me.” She had a secret smile. “I think he’s going to chose me.”





Chapter 39



Martier knew that she was driving faster than she should but this time it wasn’t that she was running from something but to it. She was running to St Bartholoma.



Why did it take seeing herself through someone else’s eyes to make her realize what she had been trying to avoid; Africa, the church, the principals that had been instilled in her. As understanding and a deeper meaning began to bloom inside of her, Martier cancelled her appointment at the spa and cut out of work early right after her lunch with Linda.



She recalled how Linda had politely listened to all of Martier’s concerns and advice but she knew that it had been discarded. She had felt responsible for the girl’s moral corruption and then she realized something; she had no room to preach right from wrong. Dear God…she was all the things that she was trying to help Linda avoid. Earlier that day she had thought she might be pregnant. She had just skated away from being an unwed, pregnant 23 year old who was sleeping with her boss—a man who kept her dressed in finery that she claimed not to want but accepted.



As she drove she recalled what Sister Louise had said to her a year ago; there are rules put into place for a reason regardless of whether you rationalize that you’ve not done anything wrong. She had argued that her books and music weren’t bad, just as she had argued that Tim was all that she wanted so it was okay to have sex with him.



But what she had failed to realize is that the books of poetry and the beautiful music wasn’t bad; but it was worldly and life in a convent was without worldly influences. And that wasn’t to say that the world was filled with only the bad. There was quite a lot of beauty—but those things had to be explored when she took responsibility for her own life, just like the rules that were set into place for how to live your life. Had she waited for marriage before embarking on a sexual relationship then she wouldn’t be worried about whether Tim wanted a life with her instead of being content in just sharing her bed. She wouldn’t need to wonder how he would accept an unexpected pregnancy and she wouldn’t have to ask him to set her as a seal upon his heart…



By the time that she reached the school, tears were streaming down her cheeks. She got it. It finally made sense. She had existed within the rules, couldn’t wait to make her own and now she understood why they should never have been broken.



She parked and dashed into the school. The kids would be in class. They didn’t have a traditional winter break and had some form of schooling year round. She dashed into the sanctuary and saw that it was empty. Martier dug through her purse for her rosary beads, they were at the bottom cluttered among some lose change and a receipt.



Clutching them she closed her eyes briefly and then knelt before the statue of Mary. She held onto the crucifix with closed eyes and then made the sign of the cross.



“I believe in God the Father Almighty, Creator of heaven and earth; and in Jesus Christ, His only Son, our Lord; Who was conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary, suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, died and was buried…” Martier recited the familiar words in a rapidly whispered voice, barely taking a breath. Her body settled into a familiar position and her knees didn’t feel the hard carpet as her mind sought the meditation of reciting the words that she had spoken time and time again.



Martier didn’t hear when other voices joined her, when other bodies knelt beside her. After a very long time someone placed a hand around her shoulders and a ragged sob escaped her lips. Sister Louise placed her lips against her temple.



“It’s okay, I’m here. I’m right here.” Martier buried her face against Sister Louise’s shoulder and she cried out every bit of anguish and pain that she had buried in the last year while the sister rocked her as if she was just six years old.



~***~



Martier sniffed and wrung at the damp tissue buried in her hand. Sister Louise handed her a mug of hot tea and she accepted it gratefully. She wasn’t thirsty but the hot liquid would soothe her.



They were in her office and she was in the same chair that she used to sit in when she was a little girl. Somehow that comforted her. The sister looked at her with concern.



“What’s wrong?”



“Everything.” She responded honestly. “Everything you taught me I ignored.”



Sister Louise was shaking her head, a serious expression on her face. “You came to God when you needed help. You knew what to do, just like I taught you.”



Martier felt herself smile. “Yes.” She put down the tea and gripped the older woman’s hands. She looked deeply into her eyes.



“I’m sorry Sister Louise. I was so angry with you when I left. I blamed you for not understanding me but it was me that didn’t understand you. You did take care of me, you educated me and kept me fed and clothed. You also loved me.”



Sister Louise’s eyes watered and she looked away.



“You made a fine mother. I never told you that. You are every bit my mother and I do love you.”



Tears dropped from the older woman’s eyes and she released Martier’s hand so that she could grab tissues and blow her nose. After she had collected herself she took Martier’s hand again.



“I know that I made mistakes. I’m not too old to learn from them. I love the girls and I want the best for them but I don’t know enough about what’s out there to prepare them. I need to listen and to learn. But I’m working on that. What I want to know is what happened? Are you okay?”



Martier stared at her and then began from the beginning, telling her everything that had transpired over the last year. When she got to her memories about her family’s brutal slaying Sister Louise said a quiet prayer. When she explained about missing her period the sister didn’t even flinch and then she explained that she had gotten her period earlier today she still didn’t flinch. She talked about Linda who she felt was spiraling downhill and the sister closed her eyes momentarily. When the story ended she gave Martier a hug.



“Martier, you know that I wasn’t born a nun, right?”



Martier chuckled. “I’m sorry, I guess I just thought that you always wanted to be a nun.”



“It’s okay, I’ve known the love of a man. I was a girl just like you.” She nodded when Martier gave her a surprised look. “I didn’t always have this calling. Once upon a time I dreamed of a little house, a white picket fence, children and a husband. But then one day I knew that I wanted a relationship with God more than I wanted those things.”



Martier looked down. “I want a relationship with God and I want a husband, children, and a home.”



“The beautiful thing is that you can have both. But a wish for that is like a wish for anything else; you have to make it happen. Now you can do it the way that you began and you might luck up and find the right person or you can follow God’s plan for you. Now, I won’t tell you which way to go.”



“You won’t?”



She smiled. “Because I watched you pray for three hours and I know you already have the answer. You just have to believe what’s in your heart.”



Martier sighed and felt her spirit lift. She looked at Sister Louise. “I need time alone. I need to think without Tim’s influence. Sister, he’s not bad. It wasn’t him that wanted a sexual relationship. I promised him that it would be okay—and then it wasn’t. I mean, I don’t want you to think that he coerced me-”



“I’m not thinking about him at all.”



“Okay. It’s late. I guess I should go home.”



“Will you call me?”



“Yes. I will. And I’ll see you at church.” They hugged and Martier drove home wondering how she was going to tell Tim that she had made a mistake—a very bad mistake.





Chapter 40



Tim stared at the cell phone and frowned. He had already called Martier five times over the course of the afternoon and evening with no response. What the fuck?! Where was she? He had called the office but no one had seen her since lunch. It was not like her to just leave work without telling him. Even if he wasn’t in the office, she would at least leave him a message stating where she was going.



He pulled into his drive and then drove right past his house towards the cottage. The porch light was out—so she hadn’t been home. He parked haphazardly and then used his key to let himself in.



“Martier?” Of course she wouldn’t be here; the Cadillac wasn’t outside. He dialed her cell phone once again. “Hey baby, you need to call me right back. I’m worried.” He disconnected, his brow furrowed and then he blew out a stressed breath.



He remembered her history on her telephone and scanned it until he came upon Dhakiya’s phone number.



“Hello?”



“Hi Dhakiya, is Martier there?”



“Tim? No she’s not here.”



His shoulders slumped. “Do you know where she is?”



“What? You don’t? Well hallelujah!”



“What are you talking about?” He asked angrily, not appreciating her attitude.



“Let me just be blunt, Tim. I got your number. I know your type, I’ve met plenty of men like you.”



“What in the hell is your problem?”



“You men that can’t think beyond your stiff penises! Hopefully she left your ass!”



“What?! I don’t have time for this-”



“I know you knocked her up.”



He was just getting ready to hang up the phone when he stopped. “What did she tell you?”



“She told me that she didn’t get her period. And she told me that you don’t want to get married and that you don’t want children.”



“What?! That’s crazy!”



“So you do want to get married and you do want to have children with her?”



He huffed. “Look…that’s between Martier and myself—”



“Just what I thought.”



“Why would she think that I wouldn’t want to be married to her or to have our baby?”



“Have you asked the Catholic girl, that you’ve been fucking and that you’ve knocked up, to marry you?”



Tim rubbed his face and shook his head. “I…I gotta find Martier,” he muttered. “This is not like her even if she is pissed at me. And you know what? I don’t give a shit what you think! What have you done for her since she got her memories back? Nothing! You haven’t encouraged her to talk about it or to go to thera-”



“What did you say? Martier got her memories back? When?”



Tim hung up the phone on her and then wondered who else he could call. He thought about Claudette and was scanning the phone’s history for her number when the phone rang. He answered it quickly.



“Tim! Don’t hang up! Please tell me when Martier got her memories back.”



“When we were in New York, okay? We saw an African dance troupe and she remembered.”



“Tim…she really doesn’t need to be alone right now.”



“No shit. Why do you think I’m freaking?”



“I’m sorry. I—Look, Martier called me the other day because she felt as if she was a bad influence for Linda.”



“What? Why would she think that? Linda is doing very well.”



“Well she said that Linda wanted to be just like her and that she wasn’t good enough because of the way that she was living her life.”



“Damn.” Tim said. “Did you take a minute from bashing me to tell her that she’s amazing?”



“Yes I did! Look, I told her to talk to you about her feelings. I told her to demand that you place a seal upon your heart!”



“A what?”



“Song of Solomon?” There was quiet. “Do you know anything about the bible? Do you even know that it’s Martier’s favorite book of the bible—perhaps even her favorite book?”



“Sorry we don’t spend much time talking about the bible. What is this seal that you’re talking about?”



“There is some interpretation here but basically a very beautiful black woman was admired by a man that had money and the power to give her luxury. But he talked about sensuous things instead of valuing the fact that she had contracted with God to remain pure. It didn’t mean that she couldn’t fantasize about it—but she kept her legs closed despite the fact that this man kept offering her his wealth and feeding her with compliments concerning her beauty.”



Tim scowled at her not-so-subtle jab at him. She had no idea and he had little desire to fill her in on the actual facts concerning their relationship. First was that he had not been the one trying to open her legs.



“So one day she is in this man’s vineyard and she says; look, I don’t want your money or your wealth, I want your commitment. I want to know that I above all others have a firm place in your heart and that you are not afraid to wear me on your arm and show me to the world!”



“This is your interpretation-”



“It’s Martier’s interpretation at the moment.”



Tim sighed. “I see. Is there anything else?”



Dhakiya spoke. “Well…that’s basically it. If I hear from her I’ll let you know.”



“Thank you.” He said briskly. “I’ll do the same.”



“Tim-”



“We’re done here.” He hung up the phone. Then he scanned down the list of numbers again for either Bartholoma or one of the sister’s—fuck! He would dial every number on the list if he had to. And then he heard the sound of the car and he hung up the phone and rushed to the door.



The Cadillac pulled up next to his truck and he sighed in relief—more than that, the shattered pieces of his psyche seemed to reform. Tim hurried to the car just as Martier stepped out, looking at him in confusion.



“Tim-?”



“Where the hell were you? Why didn’t you answer your phone?!”



Her eyes grew wide and she quickly rummaged through the car. “Oh no! I left my purse at the church.” She had been in such a rush and then later so preoccupied that she had completely forgotten about it. She ran her hand through her hair tiredly.



“I have to go back and get it.”



“Martier, are you crazy? It’s after eight. We can get it in the morning. What were you doing there anyway?”



She walked past him with a sigh. “I’m tired Tim. We can talk about it tomorrow.”



He followed her, resisting an urge to grab her arm and turn her around. “Martier, I was very worried about you.”



She sighed. “Why, because you couldn’t keep tabs on me for five or six hours?”



“Lets try eight or nine.” He snapped. “And I don’t keep tabs on you. You always tell me where you are and when you didn’t answer or return my calls I got scared.”



She turned to him. “I’m sorry,” She said apologetically. “I’m okay, I promise. I just got sidetracked.”



She gave him a hug and the last of his anger faded away. “I’m sorry too. I didn’t mean to snap.” They went into the house arm in arm but he sensed that she seemed a bit stiff. He locked up while she hung up her coat and took off her heels.



“Martier. I wanted to talk to you about something.” And then he saw that her eyes were puffy. She’d been crying. Alarmed he sat down on the couch with her. “You were crying! What’s wrong? Did something happen?”



She sighed. “Something did happen.”



“Are you okay?”



She nodded. “That’s why I went to Bartholoma. It helped and I feel better.”



“Sweetheart, if you’re worried about being pregnant-”



“I’m not!” She said quickly. “I’m not pregnant.”



“Okay…” he sighed in relief. “Then what’s wrong? You didn’t…did you want to be pregnant?”



“No!” She said adamantly. “But it’s obvious that you didn’t want it either.” She came to her feet quickly and he did reach out to take her hand. She yanked away from him.



He frowned annoyed mostly because he was still stressed from earlier but also because she was acting crazy. “Look, I talked to Dhakiya.”



She spun around and looked at him. “What?!”



“Yes. I called her to find out where you were and she told me…well she told me about how you felt.”



“No! What did she say?”



He took in a deep breath. “That you thought that I didn’t want to get married or have children. Why in the world would you think that?”



Martier covered her face. She was beyond angry at Dhakiya. She had no right! She would deal with her later. She looked at Tim. Well this had to be done so better now than never.



“I overheard you talking to Aaron right after Claudette quit. You told him that you had already been married and didn’t feel the need to do it again. You also said that you were too old for children.” She crossed her arms in front of herself.



“I did say that…” he spoke slowly. “But it didn’t mean that I was against the idea. And if we had a baby I would love him or her totally. Martier I know that our lives are linked. You told me that you said my name into the universe. I know what that means. Remember I said the same thing? I love you—Martier will you look at me?”



She looked at him, gnawing on her lower lip and wringing her fingers.



“I love you beyond all others. I love you with pride. I love you before God. I do set you as a seal upon my heart. Martier, do you hear what I’m saying? I want to be married to you.”



She closed her eyes. “Do you want that because it’s what you think I want?”



His lip twisted mirthlessly. “Do I appear to be the type of person that does anything I don’t want to do?”



She looked at him with awe. “No…”



“So will you marry me?”



She rubbed her elbows and then closed her eyes. “I think that I would like that very much. But…before I can say yes I have to find something that I’ve lost.”



Tim frowned and shook his head. “Martier, what are you talking about?”



“I threw something away that turned out to be very important. I threw away my faith. And now that its coming back I need to make sure that I allow my faith to guide me first.”



“Your faith?” He was perplexed at the meaning of that.



“What I’m saying…is that I might have the calling.”



He was rendered totally speechless.



“So you see, I can’t go to Hawaii with you. I’m sorry Tim. But I need to decide if I want to become a nun.”





Chapter 41



“Mr. Singleton, you have Mrs. Conrad on line one.”



“Put her through.” He muttered. An hour later he stepped out of his office. Linda looked up from her typing. “Did you want me to forward your calls to you cell phone, Mr. Singleton?”



He looked up distractedly. “Yes, I’m going home. Feel free to take off early.”



“Oh, well I need to stay to finish some filing.”



“Fine.” He walked away.



“Good night!” The young African girl called out.



“’Night.” He muttered.



He climbed into his car and dialed the familiar phone number.



“Dhakiya?”



“Hi Tim.”



“Hi. Have you heard from her?”



“No. She won’t call me. She hates me.”



“She will get over it. If she’s finding her faith—it’s not going to allow her to hold a grudge.”



Dhakiya sighed. “I’m sorry that I was a shit to you.”



“I’m sorry, too.” The two said their goodbyes and Tim drove home. He loosened his tie and then removed his jacket and tossed it on the back of a kitchen chair. He ignored the half filled boxes and went to the refrigerator for a beer. He drank nearly half of it as he stood there and then finally scanned the kitchen.



It was almost completely packed up. It was hard to completely get rid of the boxes in the kitchen since he was still living here while the house was being prepped for sale. Though he did have to question why he needed an assortment of cookware when he didn’t cook these days. Yeah, Saturday he would move the boxes to storage.



He went into his home office ignoring the sparse décor. He thought it would make him feel bad to see the house half empty but it didn’t. He just wanted to get it sold. He picked up the phone and dialed the phone number to St Bartholoma.



“Hello, may I speak to Sis-”



“Hello Mr. Singleton. I’ll put you through.” He leaned back in his chair. A few moments later he heard someone pick up the line.



“Hello, Sister Louise here.”



“Hello sister.”



“Hello Mr. Singleton. You know I can’t tell you where she is.”



“I know. I’m not going to ask you that. I just want to make sure she’s okay. Have you talked to her?”



“I’ve talked to her two days ago and she was okay.”



“Can you give her a message?”



“No…that wouldn’t be wise,” There was silence. “And how is Linda?”



“I said I would take care of her didn’t I?” he snapped. When did I become Holden Caulfield? And how exactly had he managed to be dealing with so many African women? Well the first time had been Corinne’s influence, but this last time it was because of Martier. Before she had left a week ago she had asked him for one thing. She wouldn’t take the car or the truck, she wouldn’t take money or anything from the house but she asked him to look out for Linda and to allow her to be his assistant.



He had readily agreed. He would have agreed to anything then.



“I know that you’re in distress, Mr. Singleton. May I offer you some advice?”



He ran his fingers through his hair. After a moment his shoulders sank and he closed his eyes. “I’m sorry Sister. I didn’t mean to…of course. What is your advice?”



“Martier is on sabbatical but you can certainly use this time to reflect, as well.”



“On God, sister?” He asked dryly.



“On yourself.”



He resisted an urge to make a snarky response. “How do I do that? How…how do I reflect on myself?”



“Martier told me that you were a good man. I know that you are. I wouldn’t…well I wouldn’t trust you with Lindewe if I didn’t believe that wholeheartedly. You might start by making a mental list. List all of your good qualities, Mr. Singleton—even if you try to avoid running over the squirrels in the road.” He smiled slightly. “And then make a list of your bad qualities. Be honest with yourself—no one will see the list but you. And then, Mr. Singleton, you fix those things.”



“Simple.”



“The answer is simple—it’s carrying it out that’s hard.”



He thought about that. “Thank you, Sister.”



“I’ll talk to you in a few days.”



“Yes.” They disconnected and Tim sat back in his chair and contemplated Sister Louise’s words.



~***~



There was a knock at the door and Martier checked the peephole and then quickly opened it. Father Matthias walked in. It was strange to call him Father when he was younger than her but he was still 23 and she was now 24. She tried not to think about her birthday spent alone and how Tim was doing.



“Are you ready to go?”



“I’m as ready as I’ll ever be.”



He gestured to her bag. “Is that yours? I’ll grab it.”



She scanned the small hotel room once more before closing the door after them. Then she followed Matthias to the van with the other religious workers. They greeted her happily. There were seven of them; two men and she made the fifth woman. She had joined them in mid-travel at the suggestion of Sister Louise. It was after she had read the file on her father.



Martier settled into her seat and looked out the window, remembering her discussion with Sister Louise just last week. So much had happened in a week; she’d left Tim, a job that she loved, her beautiful home—had she made a mistake? Whenever the panic set in at her actions she would feel a gentle nudge in her soul. There were too many unanswered questions and she needed to find the answers. There was no mistake in that. She just hated that her journey was causing Tim pain.



~***~



After telling Tim that she might want to be a nun he had just stared at her in stunned silence.



“Martier, if you think that this is the answer to absolve you of any…sins, then-”



She shook her head. “I can pray for absolution. Tim this is bigger than that. It’s like…pieces of a puzzle are forming and I haven’t allowed them to fit into place.” She knew that she talked in riddles but how did she express this feeling to him.



He sat on the couch, his mouth agape. “You’re going to leave me for God?” It wasn’t really a question directed at her but an incredulous realization.



She sat down next to him and took his hand. “You’re going to have to give me time to grow as a woman and as a Christian.”



She remembered the way that he had looked at her, his eyes scanning hers before he released her hand and walked to the door. He nodded and left. It broke her heart because she knew what he thought in that instant when he walked out the door; that he had corrupted her. But that wasn’t true. His was but one experience that that she had sought. And all of the collected experiences formed influences, which she had allowed to guide her actions. There was no blame in that observation—only the acceptance that she needed to know where she should go from here.



Martier sat on her couch, contemplating that for a while. Some things were hard and she didn’t want to face them; like untwining herself from Tim who was so ingrained in her that everything she did was in some way wrapped around him. But there was also Rwanda and the memory of death. Only one thing was still a mystery and that was of her father’s role.



She moved slowly to the folder that she kept on a shelf in the closet. She took it back to the couch and sat down before opening it. The file wasn’t very big; she leafed through the pages until she got to one containing a small snapshot of her father. She gasped and covered her mouth. Her eyes filled with tears and she began to shake.



“Papa…” He was so young. She didn’t remember him looking like this; young and vulnerable. Suddenly she needed to know what was written in these pages. She flipped to the first sheet of paper and read.



Martin made written testimony that on April 6, 1994, a government minister along with armed soldiers entered his office where he was employed with the department of Agriculture. He knew them to be Interahamwe; the Hutu militia and was told that he was to be in charge of 25 men and boys that would carry out the execution of several members of his community who where known to be Tutsi or Hutu moderates. He stated that he informed his superior that he did not want to be a Militia leader but was told that any Hutu who did not willingly engage in the ‘extermination’ would be considered a moderate and subject to the same treatment.



Reluctantly he agreed to lead the men and then quickly called his wife and explained what was happening. She then contacted several Tutsi neighbors that were on the list. Martin and his men went to the first home but were unable to locate anyone. The men that he was in charge of then ransacked the house and they went on to the next house.



As Martier read her hands began to sweat. The next home was that of Thomas and Candis Ibori and their two children--who were unnamed. As Martier read the details of the slaughter she covered her mouth and cried. Instance after instance it was detailed as the group moved from house to house. The only thing is that she remembered Mr. Ibori. Papa used to drink beer with him…



Martin didn’t return to his home after the first day but returned to a camp where he and his men were made to provide reports of their activities and then given additional weapons; among them high-powered rifles. The next day was a repeat of the second—with one difference, someone had found out that Benitha Besigye had provided information to Tutsis. Her father was then taken into custody and her mother’s name was placed on the list for execution.



Martier turned to the last page of the file in rapt attention. Her hands were shaking by that time.



It read: Martin Besigye was killed while awaiting trial; prison officials found his beaten body on August 12, 1994.



She sat quietly until the wee hours of the night. Instead of trying to forget she tried to remember. And when it was morning she knew that she had to go to Rwanda to find out more; for closure, to see with her own eyes.



The next morning Martier drove back to Bartholoma for her purse—or maybe that was her excuse. But she sought out Sister Louise and learned of several missionary groups located in Rwanda that were backed by the Catholic Diocese. She became excited at the idea of fulfilling two goals; reconnecting with Rwanda and determining if being a missionary would be the right fit for her. Things moved very quickly after that. She was put in touch with ORR; Operation Repair Rwanda. After talking to Father Adrian Packard she decided that she wanted to join ORR.



They were building schools and churches and since Rwanda was predominately Catholic they had a number of people to minister to.



But there was a problem, ORR wasn’t sure that they wanted her. Father Packard explained that their missionaries train for six months; sometimes longer and there was also the matter of a missionary visa. But mainly there was a concern that if she was emotionally scarred then it might be a tough journey for her. Martier explained that she had a passport and could travel as a visitor. Also, she didn’t deny that she was troubled but explained that her journey would be a painful one—and she needed ORR for that very reason. She didn’t want to do it alone; and it was her cry for help that caused them to accept her. The next day Martier began packing her bags for a flight out to Boston and then a connector to Amsterdam.



She had not talked to Tim since their break-up but called him to let him know that she would be leaving. He didn’t answer his phone but she left the message wanting to say so much more. Before she hung up she whispered that she loved him and then her phone rang three minutes later.



“Where are you going?” He demanded.



If she told him where she was going then she would look over her shoulder for him; hoping that he would be there at the same time that she would be hoping that he wouldn’t. “I need time.”



“How much time?” He asked, trying to control his anger.



“I don’t know,” she said.



“Whatever.”



She could tell that he was about to hang up. “Tim. I will be back. One way or the other. I swear it.” He was quiet. “I wasn’t lying when I said that I love you.”



He blew out a long breath and then cursed. “I want you to take one of my credit cards-”



“No-”



“In case you need it!”



“No! Tim this is one of the things that I’m trying to get away from!” He was quiet again.



“Martier…I understand. I want you to…” he cleared his throat. “I want you to grow as a woman. I want you to be the Christian that you desire to be. I want you to be whatever you need to be and I don’t want you coming back here to be with me because you think I need it. You come back because you want it! Promise me that!”



She wiped the tears from her eyes and fought to keep her voice clear. “I promise. Will you make me a promise?”



“What promise?”



“Watch out for Linda. She’s in a bad place. Will you take her on as your assistant? Maybe keep those dogs at work from pawing at her?”



“Yes. I’ll…I can do that.”



“Don’t let her go to Jakob.”



“Jakob? Why?”



“Just…please let her work for you and not anyone else. And if she asks…tell her that she can’t move in here. She needs to stay with Sister Callista.”



There was a long pause. “Will you call me? Let me know you’re okay?”



“No. If I do that then I’ll just look forward to talking to you and you’ll…you’ll wait for me to call you. That’s not fair to either of us.”



There was another long pause and then eventually a sigh. “Take care of yourself.”



“I will. I’ll leave the key on the counter.”



“Take it with you.”



“No.”



“Okay.”



She took in a deep, shaky breath and it was the first time she allowed any emotion. “Goodbye.” And then she hung up before Tim could say another word.



Martier didn’t join in the light banter as the group of religious workers drove to the airport, but the others seemed to understand and a short time later they boarded the final plane; an eight hour flight from Amsterdam to Kigali. Soon she would be full circle.





Chapter 42



The Stipp hotel, where the group stayed that first night was surprisingly modern. It was late in the evening when they drove past the Kigali Genocide Memorial Centre and Sister Rita Madden explained again that they would be able to get most of the information surrounding her father’s death right there.



After breakfast at the hotel, the next morning Martier took a copy of her father’s file and then quietly boarded the shuttle to the Memorial Centre. She gawked at the city around her, not finding anything familiar but surprised that it was actually very beautiful. The streets were clean and as they drove she caught the faint dialect of the people coming and going, as well as music from their radios. She suddenly felt a bit more at ease. She couldn’t deny that this portion of the trip was gut wrenching for her but it helped to see and hear the sounds that had never left her subconscious.



They met Geoff Hernandez who worked with the documentation department. He appeared of Latin descent and was fairly short with a belly that poked out like a pregnant woman’s. He smiled easily and seemed happy to meet with them; and Martier specifically.



She left her group behind while Geoff led her to an office containing a number of file cabinets and a computer. “Miss Besigye, I’ll show you how to search the database. You can input names or locations and the information that you’ll receive back is like a tree with branches. We’re trying very hard to connect every individual involved. For that reason I would like to record your testimony.”



She raised her brow. “Mine?”



“Yes. You’re a survivor. And if you will consider providing your account of the events as you remember them then it is just another branch that fills out this tree of information.” Martier felt her palms sweat and she squeezed the tissue that was in shred in her hand but eventually she nodded.



“Thank you. Not every survivor is ready to provide testimony. We’ve been going door to door collecting as much information as possible. It helps people who are trying to find answers just as it helps educate the world.” Geoff showed her how to use the computer and then she was left alone to research in privacy.



She typed in her father’s name and information immediately came up. She saw that it was much of the same information that was contained in the file only now there were pictures. Just like Geoff had said; the information was like the branch of a tree and one such branch led to her mother Benitha.



Her consciousness seemed to shift as she stared at the image of her mother’s smiling face from a photo that must have been taken from their house. The picture almost seemed to come to life as she now envisioned her mother brushing her hair after her bath. Whether she smiled or concentrated, her mother’s face always wore a look of serenity—as if to say, this is where I want to be.



She studied the picture; there were so many similarities in that face, the straight nose the long hair—though her skin was much lighter. Martier didn’t bother wiping away tears that streamed down her face. Beneath the picture read; Benitha Nufaika-Besigye killed April 19, 1994.



Next was a picture of her sister Hadiya age 10, her brother Yook age 11, Maiba age 8 and then a picture of her; Martier age 6. Instead of the date of death, by her name was written the words; St Bartholoma International School for Girls. She quickly made a print-out and received grainy black and white images.



Next she moved to the information concerning her father’s death. Just days before he was due to make a formal testimony—everything up until that point had just been written—Martin Besigye was beaten until dead. Statements indicate that he was murdered in order to protect certain key figures that had forced him to kill against his will. It was supported when Minister Amil Fofano and several other government workers under his control were convicted of killing witnesses that were due to testify.



Because there is no death penalty in Rwanda, the men responsible for killing her father were currently sitting in jail for their crimes of genocide as well as murder in the second degree. Martier stared at the picture of the men who had killed her father and then moved on to the information concerning those responsible for killing the other members of her family.



She read the names of the perpetrators, each name jogging her memory. Kokayi Okafor—she had a shocking image of the 12 year old boy that had buried the machete in her brother’s back. He served 9 years in prison and was released at the age of 22. Martier covered her face and sobbed bitter tears into her hands. Nine years?



After a moment she got herself together and continued to read. Chuma wasn’t mentioned among the boys that had raped and killed her mother and oldest sister—but he had there. She wiped her eyes with the remnants of her tissue and then stood.



She was ready to give her testimony. As an after thought she stopped and then typed in the name Dhakiya Sekibo; Batsura Rwanda into the database.



~***~



Martier toured the Memorial Centre next, taking in the displays of everything from human skulls to the clothing worn by the victims as well as photos and information of those that lost their lives in the three months of the massacre. Over 800,000 people dead in just three months—being here and reading those numbers almost caused her to stagger.



The members in her group joined her in the room where she would give testimony and when she stepped out 15 minutes later she was a different person. The entire group sat for a shakuhachi meditation; a period of listening to the beautiful soft notes of a flute while reflecting. Afterwards they returned to the hotel for lunch. Martier was emotionally and physically too exhausted to eat and retired to her room until they would check out later that afternoon.



Their next stop was to be the mission in the Kameniye neighborhood of Kigali. But for now all she wanted to do was to sleep. Several hours later the ringing of the phone in her room awakened her.



“Hello, Miss Besigye? This is Geoff Hernandez from the Genocide Memorial Centre.”



“Yes Geoff, how are you? Please just call me Martier.”



“Martier. I apologize for calling you. I got your number from Sister Madden.”



Martier rubbed her eyes and frowned. “Is everything okay?”



“Yes. Actually I’m calling because I understand that you’re in Rwanda not only on a fact finding tour but to accomplish some missionary work.”



“Yes.”



“Well we at The Centre would like to offer you a job.”



“A job?”



“Yes. You would be under the employment of the documentation department and we would like to ask you to join us in our door-to-door interviews with survivors. We would pay you but it would still be missionary work.”



Martier’s heartbeat raced. “I…I don’t know how well I would do talking to strangers and-”



“We won’t send you out alone and you’ll see how we approach this delicate subject.”



Martier drew her bottom lip into her mouth and twisted the phone cord without knowing that she was doing so. She suddenly realized that she couldn’t think of anything that she wanted to do more.



“Yes. Yes, I think that I would like to do that Geoff. But I will only be staying in Rwanda indefinitely. I have a home…back in the states.” Yes, that was true, her home was with her family and friends. She smiled. The pieces of the puzzle suddenly fell into place and the smile that she had lost so many months before finally returned.



She dug through her suitcase and pulled out a small notebook quickly writing down the words that filled her soul.



the warmth of the sun

radiates

from my being

awakening me from within



up my spine

i feel the force

of it

creating the thing

that has eluded me



my smile





Chapter 43



Tim rounded the corner, heading back to his office after his Monday partner’s meeting. He stopped when he the heard a masculine voice at the reception desk. He took a few moments to pretend to check his messages on his blackberry as he listened to the man trying to sweet talk Linda.



“Look we can just go for a cup of coffee downstairs at the coffee shop. I’ll even treat you to a pumpkin muffin.”



Linda giggled shyly.



“Look at those gorgeous dimples. Have you ever thought about modeling; you’re exquisite.” Tim cringed. Ugh, don’t fall for that sorry line, girl. He rounded the corner.



“Good morning Lindewe.” He ignored the bumbling idiot.



“Good morning Mr. Singleton. I left your messages on your desk.”



“Thank you.” He opened his office door and then turned and looked at the young man standing by his receptionist’s desk.



“Hello Mr. Singleton.” He said quickly.



Tim gave him a piercing look. “Did you need something?”



“No no, I was just…” Blushing the young attorney smiled at Lindewe and then gave her a quick goodbye before beating a hasty retreat.



“Lindewe, will you bring me a cup of coffee please.”



“Yes, Mr. Singleton.”



Tim loosened his tie and then hung up his jacket. He sat down and turned on the radio and then glanced at a picture of he and Martier taken at a local fair. It had been her first and she had wanted to try everything; the rides the food, even the ring toss where Tim had failed to win her a stuffed animal. Eventually he just paid a shitload of money to the vendor for a cheap, two dollar teddy bear. Tim leaned back in his chair thinking of nothing until there was a soft tap at the door and Lindewe entered carrying his coffee.



“Here you go, Mr. Singleton.” She placed the mug on his desk. Well at least she wasn’t afraid of him anymore even though he maintained a polite distance. He didn’t even ask her to call him Tim. She appeared a lot more confident and looked much better, although she still wore a weave but at least it wasn’t god-awful. It also made him feel good to see her wearing both Martier’s and Corrine’s clothes. It was obvious that she appreciated them and it helped her fit in as his assistant. “Uh…Mr. Singleton I noticed that you still call me Lindewe. Everyone calls me Linda—”



“Lindewe is your name,” He took a sip of the coffee. “Until you change it officially.”



“Oh, yes sir.”



“Who is that attorney that you were talking to?”



“Oh, sorry about that. His name is Bradley McPherson.”



“Who does he work under?”



“Aaron Rangbo.”



“Okay. Well, take off for lunch if you like.”



“Do you want me to bring you anything?”



“No. We had lunch delivered.”



“Okay, thanks. I’ll be back soon.”



“Take your time Lindewe.” He turned on his computer and navigated through the firm’s directory and then he pulled up information about Bradley McPherson. He then dialed Aaron’s office number directly.



“What, Tim?”



“Hi to you, too.”



“Didn’t I just see you?”



“Yes you did.” You crotchety old bastard. “Look I wanted some information on one of your attorney’s; Bradley McPherson.”



“He’s pretty good. More wins then losses. What about him?”



“Is he a whore?”



“Uh, Tim I don’t think he likes men…”



“No is he a womanizer?”



“How in the hell would I know that?” Claudette would, he thought. “Look, he’s been hanging around my assistant and I want to make sure that he’s not bad news.”



“Oh. Well I have seen him talking to a lot of different secretaries. I would probably say that it would be wise to keep your girl away from him.”



“Thank you. And she’s not my girl.”



“I just meant-”



“I know what you meant.”



Aaron hesitated. “How are you hanging in there Tim? Since Martier…you know.”



He glanced at their picture. “Life…it goes on.”



“Yes,” Aaron sighed. Claudette wasn’t coming back and he was coming to terms with that. He was coming to terms that it was his own inattentiveness that caused the demise of their relationship. He didn’t know if Tim could salvage what he had with Martier but he hoped that he wouldn’t go down the same slope that he had.



“Remember when you asked me why I never married?”



“Yes. I remember.” That was back on Jakob’s Fourth of July barbecue.



“I said that I didn’t think I’d fall in love. But I did and when I fell in love I didn’t marry even though deep down I did want to. I wanted to be married to Claudette.”



“Why didn’t you?”



“I told myself that it would be easier if I didn’t have to include Claudette in family gatherings or to force her to face the racism that my family doesn’t care to hide. I know what they think about other races; specifically blacks at the country club and amongst my circle of friends.” He took in a slow breath as if he was confessing his sins to a priest. “I also realize that I am utterly alone and those people that I put before my Claudette mean nothing to me. I realized that—too late.”



Tim felt sorry for him for being stupid enough to allow someone else’s opinions to dictate his actions. He didn’t give a shit about what others thought. His mistake was basking in a young woman’s unblemished beauty and admiration. He’d allowed her healing attention to overshadow what he knew was wrong; falling in love. That should have never happened and he should have discouraged any love from developing between them. She needed time to develop before he came riding in like a fucking white knight appearing to save the day instead of the bitter man that he actually was.



He honestly wished that she found her destiny even if it wasn’t with him. Which is why he would do anything in his power to honor her wishes, even if that meant that he now had a young daughter named Lindewe Nzeowu to look after.



After disconnecting with Aaron he dialed Bradley’s phone number. “Bradley, this is Singleton. I would like to meet with you, please.”



“Mr. Singleton, of course. When?”



“Now. I would like you to come to my office.”



“I’m on my way.” The young man had a wary sound to his voice. Good.



Bradley McPherson entered the office a short time later. Tim gaged that he was probably 6’2”. He was fit with blonde hair and hazel eyes and was maybe thirty—if that.



Tim stood and stared at the man with open hostility. Bradley nervously adjusted his tie.



“Is there a problem Mr. Singleton?”



“Oh we’re going to avoid that from ever happening.”



“Excuse me?”



“Lindewe. What are your intentions?”



Bradley opened and then closed his mouth. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize that you and Linda-”



“We’re not.”



“Then…” the younger man looked uncomfortable before straightening his stance. “Then with all due respect, what’s between Linda and me is our own business.”



“So there is something between you? Because if there is then…wonderful. But if there isn’t—and lets say that you are just trying to look for some in-work action and you fuck with her. Then I’m going to fuck with you. I’m going to fuck with your job. I’m going to fuck with your life and I’m going to fuck with your future.”



Bradley paled. “I was just saying hi to her. There really is nothing going on.”



“Then keep it that way.”



After a moment Bradley nodded and then turned to leave. Before he did he looked at Tim curiously and then closed the door behind him.



Oh yeah. There will be rumors. Tim shrugged.



After work he drove home. Home was now a studio apartment at the prestigious Lytle Tower where the firm kept an apartment for out of town clients—and the occasional clandestine tryst. He had been living here for nearly a month and actually liked the smaller accommodations; not so many rooms to roam through—and not as many memories.



His house was still on the market but there was some interest despite the economy. He was selling at a fair price and it was in a desirable area. Most of his furnishings had been sold into consignment through Bartholoma and the rest had been placed in storage. He had even gotten rid of Corinne’s truck. Now he had his Cadillac and his bike; the latter in storage until spring.



He looked out the window to the wet world surrounding his high rise apartment. Damn, it was actually already spring. Martier had been gone for nearly three months. At least she had relinquished her stand on no contact. He had received two letters from her—the first actually a package.



He had read the letter quickly where he stood. She had said; I’m in Africa! And it was before she had even said hello or made any other greeting. It made him smile.



Tim, I know that I said that I didn’t want to tell you where I was or to exchange letters but I wanted to tell you all of the things that have been happening.



He had carried the package into the apartment while still reading, nearly stubbing his toe on the corner of the cocktail table.



I joined with a group of Catholic missionaries who were going to Rwanda to minister. They led me to the Kigali Genocide Memorial Centre. There I was able to find out more information about my family and what happened to my father. Thank you so much for the file of information. I read it finally and knew that I needed to learn more. I found out that my father was killed so that he wouldn’t be able to testify against his superiors.



I’ve come to terms with the fact that my father had a hand in slaughtering entire families but I know that he also reached out through my mother to save as many Tutsis as he could—which ultimately resulted in his arrest and my mother’s killing.



Tim, I was asked to aid the Centre in collecting testimonies from other genocide survivors. I too gave my testimony and it seemed to solidify in me that I can do so much to help others like me. This seems to be the therapy that I’ve been avoiding.





Tim had lowered the letter and stared off into space as he absorbed those words. So she had found her calling. He began reading again.



Tim, I’ve decided to remain here indefinitely to work at the Centre. I know it sounds very selfish of me to tell you this but I haven’t rejected…US. I think about you every single day. I miss you and I know now more than ever that I love you. Because true love is enduring.



I’m going to ask that you not write to me or try to call me because I need my head to be completely in this task. I need to give this every chance. I hope you understand. Oh by the way, this entire package isn’t for you. There is a separately sealed letter to Dhakiya. Can you give this to her? It’s a lot for me to ask isn’t it? I did research on her family and thought that she might want it for her records. I think that is all that I have to say for now. I’m sorry.



-Martier



Yes, she did ask a lot but he did it willingly. Dhakiya had been beating herself up over her role in their breakup. Tim assured her that it would have happened—their breakup was destiny. How could it go any other way?



The second letter had been two weeks after the first and she had confirmed his suspicions that she had found her calling. She described watching people open up and seeing them heal. Yeah, that’s when he stopped calling Sister Louise to ask about her.



That had been over a month ago.



He walked into the bedroom and got ready for his dinner at Jakob and Elaina’s house. He grinned when he saw that dinner was a porterhouse steak.



They chatted comfortably and when Jakob excused himself for the bathroom Tim helped Elaina clear away the dishes. He then headed down the hall to the bathroom and heard Jakob’s hushed conversation.



“Look, I told you that I can’t come to see you this weekend—It’s unavoidable! What am I supposed to do? I know it’s his birthday. Tell him…tell him Daddy loves him and I’ll be there…” Jakob looked up and met Tim’s eyes.



“I have to go--I’ll call you later!”



Tim blinked his eyes and then ran his hands through his hair. “What the fuck--?”



“Tim…damn.”



“Daddy? You knocked up one of those girls?!”



“Keep your voice down!” Jakob grabbed his arm and pulled him into the master bedroom. “Look…When Allison was my assistant she got pregnant. What in the hell was I supposed to do? She didn’t want to have an abortion…”



“I can’t believe this. And Elaina doesn’t--?”



“She as no idea.”



Tim ran both hands through his hair and then headed out the door. “We better get back before she gets suspicious. We’ve already been gone too long. Just…start talking about a case.”



The two men headed for the living room chatting about a make-believe case. Tim was amazed at how well Jakob fell in line, playing his role innocently. And as they continued back to the living room with their manufactured conversation, Tim’s stomach plunged to his feet. Jakob was still cheating on Elaina.



“There you boys are. I was about to send out a search party.” Jakob kissed her cheek. “Sorry, honey. I was talking to Tim about a case.”



It sickened him to see Jakob pretending to be the devoted husband. He ended the night as quickly as he could and then he remembered something that Martier had said; don’t let Linda work for Jakob. She had known.





~***~



The next day he marched into Jakob’s office before even having his first cup of coffee. Jakob looked up.



“This can’t wait until after lunch?”



“No.”



Jakob sighed. “Do you think I’m happy about this? I’m just trying to make the best out of a bad situation.”



“You have a son.”



Jakob looked down and then nodded. A slight smiled crossed his lips. “He’s two. He’s beautiful.”



“He’s a secret.”



A shadow crossed Jakob’s face. “I can’t—Elaina and I have made so many strides. I can’t ruin it now.”



“You’re still sleeping with Allison, and don’t lie.”



Jakob blew out a long breath. “I don’t have the discipline that it takes to say no to her. She’s…she’s the mother of my child.”



“Oh bullshit! You just can’t keep your dick in your pants. Are you going to tell Elaina about this?”



“No! Are you insane? It would kill her.”



“This is not going to end well. Your son deserves a father and your wife deserves the truth.”



Jakob didn’t respond and Tim left him to his own thoughts.



Deep in his own thoughts, he rounded the corner and saw Lindewe standing and holding the phone. A huge smile was on her face.



“Tim! It’s Martier on the phone!”



His heartbeat quickened. “Is she okay?” He didn’t bother to go into his office, he just quickly grabbed the phone from his assistant.



“Yes, she said she was good.”



“Hello Martier?”



“Tim, hi.”



“Hi.”



“Oh…you sound so wonderful,” She whispered.



“You do too. How are you, honey, how is Rwanda?” It was funny how in this moment it was as if the weeks apart had never happened. All the mistakes that he thought he had made no longer existed and he was just talking to the woman that he loved, the woman that gave his life purpose, the woman that was his best friend.



“I…met the boy that killed my brother.”





Chapter 44

Five Days ago



Martier slipped off her shoes and then reached down and rubbed her feet. She thought about Tim’s foot rubs but quickly changed the directions of those thoughts. With a sigh she padded barefoot into the small kitchen for bottled water. The Centre had found her an apartment that she could afford even on her meager wages. Her apartment was just a combined kitchen and living area and than a bedroom with a small conjoined bathroom. It was a far cry from her little cottage. Not that she was complaining. She would do this for free. Today she had interviewed an elderly woman who had gone through indescribable torture. She had never spoken of those events to anyone until Martier had described losing and then regaining her memory.



She recalled the first time she had to talk about those events at Tim’s urging. She hadn’t been ready. She had an absolute understanding of that when urging others to give testimony; that you can’t do it even one second before you’re ready to.



Therefore, whenever someone opened up to her after a long silence she equated it to a door opening into a dark room allowing light to shine in for the first time in over a decade. This time that light was shining in for an elderly woman, sometimes it was for a man that only had memories of a long gone family, or a young adult that had lost all semblance of a childhood.



This was therapy and spiritual, and although rewarding it was also heart-wrenching. There were days that she would return to her small apartment and just sit by the window looking out, not at the scene before her, but memories of a recently remembered past.



But this evening she didn’t do that. She was invited to dinner at the home of one of the members of the data acquisition team. It was the third time she’d been invited to eat at someone’s home since arriving in Rwanda. The people at the Centre seemed to think that she would starve to death since the concept of fast food in Kigali was virtually non-existent—there were restaurants but they were anything but fast. However she enjoyed her daily walks to the market where she purchased fresh meats or fish to go along with her vegetables and fruit.



The people at the Centre were friendly and easy to get along with. She was amazed at how quickly she adapted to life here. But she couldn’t help to think about the people that she had left; including Dhakiya. When she was in the States she had been angry and had refused to take any of Dhakiya’s calls but since coming back to Rwanda, she realized that there were more important things to worry about than a friend that had overstepped her bounds.



So she had included in the package of information that she had sent via Tim, a letter explaining that while the revelation of her deepest secrets had disappointed her she understood. Martier felt that she had grown a lot since then; back then she had been more childlike than adult so it was no wonder that Dhakiya had taken matters into her own hands. But just because she understood didn’t mean that she intended to change her mind concerning no contact with her past life until she could come to terms with her current one. She needed to focus on Rwanda and fixing her own broken pieces and she didn’t want anyone influencing her thoughts.



Geoff Hernandez knocked on her door and greeted her in Kinyarwanda. He encouraged her to practice it as much as possible and it had now come back to her until it flowed off her tongue easily. She knew that it was another thing that she had to thank Dhakiya for. Her friend wouldn’t allow her to forget.



“Ready?”



“Yes.”



Geoff had offered to drive her stating that it wasn’t out of his way—although it really was. Martier suspected that Geoff had developed a crush on her. She pretended not to know and hoped that he would get the message. But still, she liked him. He was the one member of the team that always accompanied her on the door-to-door visits. Someone had even commented on it and he had turned beet red—even past his bronze skin tone.



He had promised to take her back to her old neighborhood. Even though Martier had now been in Rwanda just over two months she still hadn’t ventured back to her own neighborhood. She confessed to him that she wasn’t sure if she was ready. But Geoff promised her that life had moved on since then and there were great improvements. Maybe it would be okay with him there to remind her that the ghosts have all been laid to rest.



Dinner was delicious; beef stew and fried plantain chips called mizuzu. She smiled suddenly after taking her first bite. “These taste exactly the way my mother used to make them!” She savored the taste. “I can’t believe I remember that.”



“I heard somewhere that your sense of smell can trigger a memory that has been deeply buried,” said Janet, the host. Martier wondered if she had eaten mizuzu earlier if she would have remembered things sooner.



“Do you miss the States?” One of her other co-workers asked.



“I do. I miss my friends, my boyfriend-”



“Boyfriend?” Geoff asked.



“Yes.”



“Oh,” he said quickly. “How does he feel about you being in Rwanda?”



“I didn’t ask him.” She turned to look directly at Geoff. “I had to do this so there was no other choice.”



“Yes, of course.” He stammered. Geoff quickly changed the subject and an hour later he drove her home.



Saturday morning, Geoff arrived at noon to take her to her old neighborhood. He was carrying a bag of fruit. Wow, the revelation of a boyfriend hadn’t changed anything, she thought. She accepted the gift graciously wondering if Geoff thought that she had no money or maybe he thought she was too skinny.



“Now I will have to make you a pie,” she smiled.



“No…I mean,” He stammered, “unless you just want to.”



“Yes I do. I appreciate all that you have done to help me.”



Geoff swept back his longish dark hair with a big smile on his face. He was obviously of Hispanic descent but she knew that he was American born although he had been in Rwanda since 2007. She never asked him what brought him here, she assumed that she knew the answer; the genocide.



“You’re not nervous are you?” He asked as they drove the relatively short distance to the farmlands where her family had grown coffee.



“I think I’m more excited than nervous.” She wasn’t sure if that was exactly true. As they drove down the various streets leading to her old home she tried to determine if anything looked familiar—but it didn’t. Not even the market triggered a memory and she knew that she had walked there nearly daily; either with her brothers and sisters or with her mother. Things had changed a lot.



Soon they drove up to a home that was surrounded by a stone and cement wall. One moment it was just one among the dozens of houses that they had passed, and then the next moment the memory of her first home returned to her.



“Oh my God…” That was all she could say as she stared at it. Geoff got out of the truck and helped her out. There was a metal door leading into the yard and he knocked on it sharply. It wasn’t the same door but everything else was exactly the same.



A man opened the flimsy door and looked at them curiously. Thankfully Geoff did all of the talking. Martier’s voice had disappeared as her eyes travelled around the front yard and then locked onto the neat house.



She clasped her hands in front of her face, almost like she was praying but she was fighting hard to absorb all of the emotions that filled her at seeing this house again. Geoff gently took her elbow.



“Mr. Mbozi and his family own this property,” Geoff spoke in English. “He is worried that you are here to try to claim the land—”



Martier quickly shook her head and spoke to the man before her in their native language. “No, sir. I’ve just returned for a short visit to my homeland. I’m…just trying to come to terms with what happened to me and my family-”



“Martin Nufaika. Yes I knew him and his wife.”



“You knew my parents?”



“Yes.” The man opened the gate wider. “Please come inside.”



The house was nice; wood and brick with a large porch. She remembered her brothers and sisters playing in that yard with balls and sticks. Mr. Mbozi watched her as she absorbed the sites around her.



“Were you friends with my father?” She finally managed to ask past the lump that had developed in her throat.



“Would you like to come inside?” He asked politely gesturing to the house. She nodded quickly. “I wasn’t friends with your father but I knew him well. We brought our coffee here to be washed.” He led them up the porch stairs and into the house. The living room was neatly decorated with nice furniture. A woman, most likely his wife, entered the room with a curious look on her face. He quickly explained the purpose of her visit and the woman quickly nodded in understanding.



“Would you like tea?”



“No, we don’t want to be any trouble.” Martier spoke quickly.



“No trouble. It’s already brewed.” They followed her into the kitchen and for one instant she envisioned the kitchen the way it had been on that fateful day. Her step faltered and Geoff touched the small of her back.



“Are you okay?”



She gave him a shaky smile and nodded.



Mrs. Mbozi spoke. “This is the room where everything happened.” Her voice was very matter-of-fact and in some ways that helped to calm her.



“Yes,” Martier confirmed.



“We can go into the front room-” Mr. Mbozi began.



“No. I don’t mind this room. There are a lot of pleasant memories here—mostly of my Mom.” They sat at a wooden table and as Mrs. Mbozi served tea she breathed in the scent of a thousand meals prepared in this very room—many of them prepared by her own mother. It made her feel very close to her and it relaxed her even more.



“We didn’t know that there were any survivors. The truck came to collect bodies and you were found; sleeping in a closet.”



Her attention perked. “How long was I there before I was found?”



“Three days.”



Martier rubbed her dry eyes as she tried to remember that portion of her memory, it was one of the few memories that never returned to her; how she had come to the States, and how much time she had spent in this house.



“Tell us about yourself?” Mr. Mbozi asked. “Many remember your family and they would be very interested to learn that you have grown into a smart and beautiful woman.”



She smiled humbly. “I went to a Catholic Orphanage where I was educated and kept safe.” She smiled to herself remembering her bitter thoughts almost a life-time ago. They keep the rebels from raping and murdering you. They make sure your belly is full and there is a warm place to sleep…Yes, that is what Bartholoma had done for her and hundreds of other little girls over the years: they had kept her safe.



Mr. and Mrs. Mbozi took her outside to look at the fields. She walked over the patch of grass where Yook had fallen and despite the fact that they might think she was crazy she dropped her shoulder bag on the ground and kicked off her shoes and then she raced across the field. She imagined running with her brothers and sisters, she remembered playing soccer right here, she heard the sound of laughter from many years ago and before she knew it she was laughing—even while tears streamed down her face.



~***~



“I hoped that helped.” Geoff said after he returned her home.



“It did!” She gave him a happy hug before quickly releasing him. “Thank you, Geoff! See you Monday.” She headed into her home. “Oh, and I’ll have a nice fruit pie for you!”



He beamed.



She turned on the radio and hummed to the sound of the song playing. She wanted to call Tim and Dhakiya. She wanted to talk to Claudette and Sister Louise. She wanted…she wanted to go home.



Yes. It was time. Rwanda had been therapeutic but it was no longer home. There was no family here. And her life was in the United States—maybe not in the same way that it had been in the past, maybe doing something that gave her life more meaning and purpose. But it was a life that had to include her friends and family.



She decided that Monday she would go into the Kigali Genocide Memorial Centre and announce that it was time for her to depart them. That night she slept soundly beneath the mosquito netting of her bed and for the first time in ages she allowed her mind to think about Tim and to miss the feel of his arms around her as she slept.



The next day she got up bright and early and after making a quick breakfast she gathered her shoulder bag, the one she carried when she went to the market, and then she got on the bus that would take her to her old neighborhood.



She wanted to walk the streets and to get a feel of her hometown one last time. She took her time walking down roads that she and her brother and sister’s had walked. She nodded her greeting to those she passed and reveled in the sounds and sites that proved that life had indeed renewed itself in this old neighborhood.



Afterwards she roamed the indoor marketplace for the ingredients for a pie. She remembered that there wasn’t an exact price for anything, more like a ‘suggestion’ of what you should buy and how much you should pay. She was amused when a woman told her that for a pie she would need this spice or that, even though she had never heard of those spices and didn’t want them for her pie.



She sniffed lemons and an older woman met her eyes as if she feared she would slip it into her bag without paying for it. Suddenly she recognized the woman. She had been selling her products at this stall forever! She walked up to the woman and excused herself.



“I remember you from when I was a little girl.”



The woman smiled. “I’ve been here selling my goods since I was a little girl so I’m not surprised. Who are you, young one?”



“My name is Martier Nufaika Besigye. My parents were Martin and Benitha.”



“Martier!” The woman came from behind her stall and hugged her tightly. “Dear Lord, I remember the shock of your mother’s death.” The older woman kissed and hugged her. “You look so much like her,” She said as she touched her face. Then she took her hand and dragged her to another stall, demanding that a young girl keep watch of their wares.



She spoke rapidly to another woman. Martier vaguely recognized her and then several people gathered, either watching curiously or who also remembered her mother.



“It is good that she lives on in you.”



One woman leaned in and whispered. “He’s still around.”



Martier gave her a confused look and everyone grew quiet. “Who?”



“The one who killed her; Kokayi Okafor.”



The muscles in Martier’s face went slack and suddenly it was as if she was in a dream. Someone grabbed her arm and turned her in the direction of the entrance. They pointed. “He lives there but stays in the pub next door.”



“That one moved back here to the neighborhood like so many others have.”



“This neighborhood had many people that killed and they just come back and keep to themselves.” Someone else said. “The very people who raped you, walk right past you in the street,” she said bitterly.



“The best thing about the rapists is that they just drop dead from HIV Aids!” Someone hissed.



“But so did their victims.” Someone reminded.



“Not Kokayi. He still lives and breathes.”



Martier listened, the breath feeling strained in her chest. And then it seemed that the entire marketplace was a buzz with activity as people realized that a long lost daughter of Rwanda had returned and that the man responsible for slaughtering her family was just steps away. And then suddenly there was a hush and whispers fell across the area. She saw people pointing at her and a tall man broke through the crowd and approached her.



As he came to a stop in front of her she felt as if her legs would buckle. She stared into his face recognizing it for that of the boy that had buried a machete into her brother’s back eighteen years before.



“I heard that you had visited the Mbozi’s yesterday.” Said the man, his deep voice resonating throughout her body, inside her head. She couldn’t find her own voice to speak. Kokayi looked around at the onlookers and some of them returned to their business—but not all of them. He turned his attention back to Martier.



“I heard that you were taken to the States and raised in a convent.”



She was terrified. She wanted to run and hide as if she was six years old again. There was a resignation in his eyes; eyes that bore into hers before finally dropping. She remembered that look from so many years ago. It was as if he had disappeared from himself.



He finally continued speaking. “I wanted to…tell you that I’m sorry for what happened that day.” He rubbed his hands through short hair. He was attractive, young; one would never guess by the looks of him that he had participated in brutal killings and rapes. “I don’t know if the reason that you came back here was to hear that. And even if it wasn’t, I still wanted you to hear this directly from my mouth.” After a moment he finally turned to walk away.



“W…why did you spare my life?”



He turned back to her and this time his brow was creased. “Because….because of the look that you gave me; the one that is exactly like the look on your face right now.” He cleared his throat and swallowed. “When we were told what to do we did it. They said kill them all and I was convinced that it was them against us. I was told that it was okay to do it even though deep down I knew it was wrong.



“Yook wouldn’t participate. He said that he couldn’t. And then I told him that he was a girl but he didn’t care what I said. He went home. I got caught up in the horror of killing and being terrible. I kept doing it, trying to become lost in the action of it. And when the papers came through stating that your family was on the list we convinced ourselves that it was the reason your brother had turned his back on it; because he was a traitor.



“I wanted him to pay for being a traitor—somehow it was his fault that I had to kill people, as if he had done bad and I was here to rectify it, but if he had never done bad then I wouldn’t have to kill.



“I went there to make him pay and even though your mother had always been nice to me I ignored that, convinced that she was a part of the reason why I had to do this.



“When I saw Yook come into the house I went after him specifically. But then he picked you up and it seemed that you were the most important thing in the world in that moment. I thought, ‘ha’, he can’t out run me now. And then I raised that machete…I’d already raised it countless times but I raised it and as I brought it down I saw the look in your eyes. It was everything that made sense in that look; terror, questions, appeal…but no words, no cries, no screams. And then suddenly it was like…God was looking at me through those eyes.



“I could no longer convince myself that I was doing what I was supposed to be doing. In that moment I knew that I was damned.” He stared into the distance. “I didn’t pick up another weapon or kill another person. And then later, when I found out that they were going to return to the house to make sure the deed was done I returned first.”



Martier’s hand had been crossed in front of her lips. Her breath came back in a quick gust, she had been holding it until she was now nearly light headed. He’d come back?



“You were just sitting in…” He looked away. “You’d been sitting there for two days next to…” He wasn’t able speak those words—even though he was responsible for the deed and even after all of these years. “Even after everything you still looked at me with those eyes that cut through everything else. I gave you some water, which you accepted and then I led you into the closet. I said, ‘don’t talk.’”



Tears appeared in her eyes. He was the one that told her not to talk, and she didn’t for two years...



He wouldn’t look at the tears that appeared in her eyes and averted his eyes one last time. “The Red Cross found you the next day even though they wouldn’t start looking for bodies in Kigali for several more months later. That was the least that I could do. It’s not…it’s the only thing that a twelve year old boys knows to do to try to fix what he’d done wrong.” He cleared his throat. “No one knows about Chuma or what I did for you.”



Kokayi walked away and Martier finally bent, placing her hands on her knees and then she gave in to her tears.



~***~



Several hands stroked Martier’s hair and someone pressed a bottled drink into her hand and then helped her take a sip of the sweet fruit juice. Someone else helped her to find the right bus to return to the heart of the city and then she walked back to her apartment quietly contemplating all that she had learned. What did Kokayi mean with those last words? No one knows about Chuma or what I did for you…



She found the number for the airport and arranged for a flight back to Cincinnati as soon as she stepped into her apartment. She now knew that there was no more closure than what had happened in the marketplace. It was finished.



It was late in the evening and both her body and mind were exhausted, but Martier was determined to stay up past three in morning so that she could call Tim by eight am. Kigali was seven hours behind in time and though she needed desperately to hear his voice, she wouldn’t wake him up.



While she waited she baked pies. It soon became therapeutic to roll out the crust and drop the various sugar coated fruit pieces into the dough lined pie pans. At three am she picked up the phone and then put it down three times wondering if Tim hated her, blamed her for turning away from him for her own selfish purposes. Regardless of everything that she needed to do in order to improve herself, the result is that she had hurt Tim by turning away from him.



She finally dialed the office number, happy to hear Linda answer the phone with the familiar; “Mr. Singleton’s office, may I help you?”



“Linda, this is Martier.”



The younger woman squealed. “Martier! I’m so happy to hear from you. How are you?”



“I’m doing well. How are you?”



“I’m great. Mr. Singleton is such a great boss! Thank you so much for asking him to let me fill in for you.”



“No, thank you for doing it. Is Tim around?”



“He stepped out but I don’t think he will be long. He didn’t take his briefcase or files.” They chatted for a few moments while Linda described what was going on around the office; mostly gossip and Martier realized just how far removed those things were from her now. She’d just spent weeks reviewing the files of people that survived heinous acts of torture and Linda was excited over which attorney was sleeping with which secretary.



“Wait a minute, Martier. He’s back.” She heard Linda cover the phone and speak and then Tim was suddenly there.



“Hello Martier?”



Her heart swelled in her chest. How could it be possible that just the sound of his voice made her feel safe?



“Tim, hi.”



“Hi,” came his soft response.



“Oh…you sound so wonderful,” and she meant it.



“You do too. How are you, honey, how is Rwanda?”



He called her honey and with that one word everything seemed okay. “I…I met the man that killed my brother.”



“Martier, I’m going to switch phones, can you hang on, baby? I’ll be right back, okay?”



“Yes.”



The phone went silent but only for less than five seconds. And then Tim was there again. “Martier, are you okay?”



“I think so…well, I don’t know. It’s just that everything feels so strange.”



“He didn’t threaten or hurt you did he?”



“No.” She quickly assured him. “He was very polite. He actually apologized.”



“Apologized? An apology for what he did to you and your family…wow. What fucking nerves.”



“I think I’m happy that he did. He explained why he spared my life. He explained that he called the Red Cross to get me, he came back to hide me from the Interahamwe. He’s the one who told me not to talk.”



Tim was quiet. “I’m sorry. He was a kid—a kid made to do horrible things. But then he did something very courageous. He helped you and it was like when your father helped the Tutsi’s. That boy could have been killed and he must have known that.”



Oh my God…Now she understood Kokayi’s last statement to her. No one knew that he had helped her. He surely would have been put to death and branded a traitor. But what about now, after so many years? Surely he could have used that bit of information to gain some compassion—but he didn’t. He just allowed people to think that he was nothing more than a butcher.



And what did he mean by speaking of the boy Chuma? Chuma had been her age and he had been with the boys that had come to her house that day. She remembered him trailing behind the others, no weapon but he was there.



But the reports never mentioned Chuma. Had Kokayi and the others protected him from the stigma of being called a murderer?



She rubbed her face tiredly. “I’m returning to the states.”



“Okay.” He said cautiously.



“I…I was wondering if I can come home to you?” She held her breath.



“Martier, I’ll be here for you. However you need me honey.”



“Okay.” She swallowed back the emotions that were swelling up inside of her and threatening to overtake her.



“When? I’ll be at the airport to get you.”



“I can just take a taxi-”



“Martier, I need to pick you up. Do you understand that?”



“Yes. I would like you to pick me up.” She gave him her flight information. She wouldn’t arrive at the airport until 5 am the next morning.



“I’ll be there.” He said.



“I—” she nearly told him that she loved him but stopped herself. Maybe after all this time it would be inappropriate. “Thank you. I’ll call you if anything develops.”



“Do that. Do you need me to do anything in the meantime?”



“No. I’m fine.”



“Bye sweetheart. I’ll see you tomorrow.”



She smiled. Yes. She would see him tomorrow.





Chapter 45





Martier showered and then dressed in fresh clothes. She hadn’t been to sleep but it would be a long flight and she knew that she could sleep then. For now she had several loose ends that needed taken care of and this time she would do things the right way.



She didn’t have many possessions, mostly clothes and a few pairs of shoes. She packed these in her book bag and in a suitcase with wheels. She then placed the two pies carefully in a shopping bag. Martier looked behind her at the small apartment and then closed and locked the door knowing that she would never see it again.



It was just a short walk to the Centre, which is one of the reasons that it had been perfect for her. The sun was just rising and she could already tell that it would be a hot day. It was the short dry season that they had right before the rains. The rains would replenish the lush tropical plants, preparing them for the long dry season.



She paid close attention to the sites and smells of Rwanda. The world was awakening, preparing for a new day. The ghosts of the past put to rest as life moved on. She had to remember that; life moved on. She finally reached the Memorial Centre. The offices weren’t yet open but she had a key to enter the documentation center, which was just one department of the entire facility. She set one pie in the conference room and the other she took to the office and placed it on Geoff’s desk. She was happy that she had offered to make him the pie. Now it would be a way for her to say goodbye and thank you.



She then logged into the computer and typed her name into the database. The information quickly populated. She was mentioned in only three areas; in connection with her father, her testimony given only a few short weeks before and then finally when she was counted as a survivor of an attack that had taken the lives of her brother, mother and two sisters.



She read the account again as well as the accounts of the other people involved. Not one of them ever mentioned Chuma. Afterwards she researched Kakayo and discovered that the last act of murder he had confessed to was that of Yook Besigye. Lastly she pulled up the name Chuma—she didn’t recall the boy’s last name. The only time the name was mentioned was within her testimony.



Chuma would now be a twenty-three or twenty-four year old young man, and if he was anything like her than he was on the brink of adulthood and he was unsure, afraid, confused.



Her testimony had yet to be cross-referenced. She quickly entered her password and then she deleted the six year old boy’s name. No one knew…and now no one ever would.





~***~



When the plane finally landed at the Greater Cincinnati Airport, Martier felt as if she had come from hell and back. She was tired, sore and she was convinced that her hair was a mess all over her head. She wanted a bath and a hot meal. More importantly she wanted to see Tim.



Nervous tension built in her belly as she stepped off the plane. And as she entered the terminal she didn’t have to look around. She saw a tall shaggy white man pacing, holding a cup of coffee and looking about as disheveled as she felt.



She smiled. He was beautiful. She quickly moved past the few people milling around and she saw the smile brighten his face as his eye caught sight of her. She began running and he opened his arms and scooped her up. The security of his embrace revived her until her body was singing with unspent energy. She clung to him, her face buried in his neck as he held her elevated from the floor. She smelled his soap and shampoo and the maleness that was all Tim.



Every bit of tension moved from her body. Maybe it would return when they sat down and eventually talked but for now she was at home in his arms.



Tim had nearly forgotten how beautiful this woman was. Was it possible that she had become even more beautiful than before? She was different; that was a fact. Her deep brown skin tone was darker as if she had bathed in the sunlight while her warm brown eyes held a sense of knowledge and loss innocence. He didn’t know if that was good or bad. Her long hair was a halo of wild curls that flowed around her head and although she was still slender—maybe even too slender, she stood with a sureness that she hadn’t possessed before.



Martier had grown; he was proud and sad all at once. He closed his eyes and just relished the feel of her in his arms. He didn’t think he’d ever have an opportunity to feel her like this again and all he could do was to hold her close so that he could convince himself that it was real.



They were grinning like insane people when they finally moved a part to look at the other.



“I missed you.” She said quietly.



“Me too. I…” Tim cleared his throat and then looked down at her carry on bag. He took it from her. “We should get your bags.”



She spotted the cup of coffee in his hands.



“Oh may I please have that?”



“Well its nearly gone and it’s probably cold.”



“Oh I don’t care.” She took the coffee and drank down the remainder of it, eyes closing in pleasure. “No one drinks coffee in Rwanda.” She exclaimed. “Even though they grow it they prefer tea!”



He chuckled. “Come on, there’s a coffee shop in this terminal and I think they have some of that lemon loaf cake that you like so much.”



She gave him a quick look. “I thought you liked lemon loaf cake.”



He shrugged. “I prefer donuts.” She laughed. “What?” he asked.



“Oh never mind-”



“No, please tell me. I want to know.”



“When I first started working for you I went down to the canteen to get you donuts from the vending machine and Claudette told me that…well that your wife always got you lemon loaf so I thought I’d get that for you, as well.”



He gave her a curious smile. “You did that for me?”



“Of course.”



“Honey, I don’t like lemon loaf all that much. I’d prefer a packet of powdered sugar donuts from the vending machine. Or even a bear claw. But Corrine said that I got powdered sugar all over my suit—which I did. And she thought bear claws were hideous so I basically got what she liked or I got nothing.” He chuckled. Martier looked stricken. All this time she had done things that Corinne had done because she thought the other woman did it better—but that wasn’t necessarily true.



She finally smiled. “Well let’s get that coffee. Oh yeah and my suitcase. My coat is in it and I see that there is snow outside.”



“Yes. We just got another two inches dumped on us.”



Martier glanced out the large picture windows at snow flurries that fell like confetti. This was Cincinnati. This was home. “It was very hot in Rwanda. I think I will relish the snow,” she said quietly.



“I’m glad that one of us will.” They walked arm and arm to baggage.



Later, after Martier had finished off an extra large coffee and they had split a package of powdered sugar donuts Tim’s expression grew serious.



“Martier, I put the house up for sale.”



“What?” She gave him a surprised look.



“Yes, its okay for you to stay at the cottage until it sales but I don’t live in the house anymore. All of your things are still there. I just covered the furniture with dust covers because…well I didn’t know if—uh when you’d be back.”



Martier was surprised at the flash of pain that Tim’s words had brought. He was selling that beautiful house and her cottage. There were so many memories wrapped up in that house—but she supposed that was the reason he was selling it. However the cottage represented everything that was important in her life; her independence, her womanhood, her love for Tim. Eventually she nodded.



“Are you okay with selling the house?” She asked, trying to keep in mind that his experiences with the house were quite different than hers.



“Yes. I don’t want it anymore. I don’t want those memories.”



They were quiet for a while. “I appreciate you letting me stay there.”



“That’s your home until it sales.” But what about after?



As they drove to Tim’s old house Martier glanced at him. How did she broach the subject of their relationship? It had to be her to do it since it was her that had changed the rules.



“Where do you live, Tim?”



“Lytle Tower.”



“The big complex by the river?”



“Yes.”



“I heard that was very nice.”



“It suits my needs.” Basically it was a place to sleep and to work when he wasn’t in the office.



She watched the scenery pass as the sun began to rise over the Cincinnati skyline. Soon they were driving up the familiar drive to her cottage. Tim got out and opened her door and then led them into the darkened house. Together they began removing the dust covers from the furniture and then she turned on the kitchen light. A mouse scurried across her floor and she barely noticed it as she opened the refrigerator to check its contents. Eeek. It was scarier than the mouse.



Tim gave her a sheepish smile. “I think I forgot about that.”



He turned up the heat and then made sure that all of the lights worked. He checked the locks on the doors and windows as she trailed behind him. He turned once and she was right behind him and he nearly bumped into her. She didn’t move back but he cut around her barely touching her.



“Tim…”



“Yes?”



“Uh. I’m sorry about the way that I left. I truly wasn’t myself.”



“Martier I understand that.”



“I would have left, I’m not saying that…but I didn’t have to leave the way that I did.”



“Yes you did, sweetheart. You had to save yourself.”



She frowned at his choice of words. “I…” Why was this so hard?? “I still love you very much. I think that I appreciate the man that you are even more than I ever had before, since being in Kigali and being a witness to so much hate. Do you think that you and I can continue where we left off?”



He didn’t speak but after a moment he kissed her forehead. “You should get some rest. This is too big to talk about like this. I’ll call you this evening, okay?”



He moved to the door and she grabbed his hand. To hell with caution! “Will you stay with me tonight? I mean, we don’t have to do anything. I just…I just want to fall asleep in your arms.”



He very nearly agreed. Almost… “No. I can’t do that.” He leaned forward and kissed her cheek. “I love you too. Too much to do that.” He left with her puzzling over his words.



~***~



Martier slept deeply despite not having Tim’s arms to snuggle into. She slept through the ringing of her telephone; missing calls from Dhakiya, and Sister Louise. Her bed was a safety zone that allowed her a healing sleep. When she awoke it was nearly four pm. She ran a hot bath and soaked while listening to the radio; top 40 songs from The Dave Matthews Band and Maxwell.



She dressed in jeans and a t-shirt and checked her messages and saw the recent ones from Dhakiya and Sister Louise. She called Dhakiya first inhaling a deep breath.



“Martier?”



“Hi Dhakiya.”



“Oh Martier! I’m so sorry. I don’t know why I did that! I had no right-”



“Dhakiya, I’m so far away from that. I don’t care about that anymore. I missed you and I’m the one that’s sorry. All of this time you were preserving my culture for me. All of this time you were my mentor. And what did I do but take without giving.”



“Martier, what are you talking about? Without your friendship I would have died at Bartholoma! Because of you I remembered home.”



“I never shared my memories with you—you of all people, I kept that from you.”



“Not out of selfishness—but because it was so big that it could have consumed you. You had to deal with it all at once—I adjusted to it after many years. And even now…” She got quiet. “Did you find answers in Rwanda?”



“Yes. So much to tell you but first I have to tie up loose ends.”



If Dhakiya was curious about what that meant she didn’t ask. “Will you call me later, sis?”



“Yes but it may be a few days. But don’t think I forgot about you, okay?”



“Okay.”



“Turongera.”



“Turongera, little sister. I love you.”



“I love you too, sis.”



She sat there quietly for a moment before calling Sister Louise.



“Lindewe said that you had returned. Are you okay, child?”



“Yes I am. I’d like to come and see you tomorrow if I can?”



“Of course you can.”



“I wanted to tell you about Rwanda, but I also think I have a plan for my future, Sister.”



“That’s good, Martier. We’ll talk about it tomorrow.” They set up a time and then Martier contemplated calling Tim. But decided to wait. She didn’t want to disturb him at the office again. She made coffee and was in the middle of cleaning out the refrigerator when she heard her doorbell ring.



She quickly turned down the radio and then checked to see who was there. It was Tim and she opened the door with a smile.



“Hi,” He was carrying a brown paper sack and she had no idea what was inside but the contents smelled delicious. “I thought you might be hungry.”



“I’m starving. What is that?”



“Carryout from Shanghai Mama’s; sesame wings and spicy noodles and of course that salad you like with the ginger dressing.”



She beamed and carried everything into the kitchen where she set it out for them to enjoy.”



“How was work?” She asked after she had made a dent in her hunger pangs.



“I didn’t go to work.”



“You didn’t?”



“I took a day.” He had spent it thinking about Martier and the question that she had asked; whether or not they could go back to the way they were. He thought that he had an answer to that after all of these hours.



She lowered a half eaten chicken drummette, her appetite disappearing. “I’m sorry for the way that I came at you this morning. It was unfair of me to expect you to just…forget about everything. We have a lot to talk about don’t we?”



He twirled his fork in his noodles. He had eaten very little. His stomach was tied in knots. “What did you learn while you were in Rwanda?”



“That is a story that we better take to the living room with a glass of wine.” He smiled and helped her put away the leftovers. There was beer and wine in the refrigerator and he grabbed a bottle of beer while she opened a bottle of wine.



He sat down on the couch and waited for her while she turned off the radio and selected a CD to put in. He was pleased to hear the mellow sounds of the African music that she used to relax to prior to regaining her memories. He watched the way she turned on lights and then turned on the gas fireplace before taking a seat next to him. She moved so gracefully and so self-assured. She has grown…then it was right that she had left.



He didn’t miss the fact that she didn’t sit close enough to touch but decided that it was best; they had a lot to talk about. She began by explaining about the missionaries and how she was able to join them in mid-route as they headed to Kigali. She described the visit to the Kigali Genocide Memorial Centre and how she was encouraged to give her testimony.



He could see a light coming on in her eyes when she recounted her testimony and then how she had separated from the other missionaries in order to accept an offer to work at the Centre--at first transcribing testimonies and then eventually going door to door interviewing people.



“I hadn’t gone back to my neighborhood. I was afraid I guess, but a few days ago I did go back.” She described meeting the Mbozi’s and how they had allowed her to tour their house and land. She even described running through the field like she was six again. Tim smiled, picturing everything that she described as if he was there.



But then she recounted how she had returned on her own. He became tense at the idea of her doing that and then when she described how the man; Kokayo had approached her, he became angry and protective even though he knew that she had obviously gotten through it as she was sitting with him now. Still, it angered him that any man would approach her and cause her to become afraid and to cry.



But then with a sense of awe he listened to what the boy had done by returning to help her. He’d become a traitor to his cause—being fully aware that it could have cost him his life.



“How do you feel about that?”



She shook her head. “I’m not sure. For now I just have to accept that my life was spared.” She looked at him closely. “And what of you, Tim? Have you reconsidered how you feel about…things?”



He gave her a serious look. “There have been some changes in my life. Dhakiya and I have become friends. I’m even friendly with Sister Louise. I’ve been looking after Lindewe at the office and I’ve been taking care of myself. That’s where selling the house comes into play. I decided that I was hanging on to things that if I looked at hard enough I really didn’t want.



“I realized something else. I hang on to things. I do not let go. Not just things…but people. I make people into what I want them to be. I wanted you to fit in and to dress a certain way. It was so that you could be comfortable. But really, I just made that assumption. You weren’t comfortable with any of it.” He realized that Martier had accepted a lot just because she thought it would please him. “Now…I could care less about any of that.” He sighed. “I’ve decided that you and I are very different people.”



Martier’s heart crashed.



He met her eyes again. “I will never be all that you need. I don’t know the bible inside and out. I curse before I think and I get mad when something threatens me or the ones I love.”



“But I don’t-”



He raised his hand. “Let me finish. I am all of those things. But I’m also fiercely loyal. I’ll never purposely hurt anyone I care about. And I always strive to do the right thing—even if I fail at it miserably. We are very different people but I’d like to learn you, Martier. I want to learn about you, your religion, your dreams, your hopes for the future, your regrets of the past. I want to be someone that you can come to when you need a friend.”



Martier gave him a hopeful look.



“I don’t have to be your boyfriend, or your husband…I can be your friend. Whatever you need.”



Martier wrung her fingers and then thought very carefully before speaking. “That is what you want for me. But what do you want for yourself?”



The question surprised him. But this was the moment of truth. This was time to lay his cards on the table…



“I want to be your friend, your husband and then your lover. I want…”



She nodded encouraging him to continue. The hopeful look that crossed her face gave him courage.



“I want to wake up every morning and see you next to me. I want to know that when you wake up you are where you want to be with no regrets. I want you to talk to me when you’re unsure. I don’t want to be afraid that I’m disappointing you. I want for us to be the best that we can be and to remember that love is a privilege that isn’t guaranteed. Every moment should be cherished as if it’s the last. I’ve lost two loves of my life; first Corinne and then you. I don’t want to go through that again. I don’t want to lose you again.”



Martier took Tim’s hand. “That is everything that I could have want a man to say to me, without me asking, without my prodding…just from your own heart. You said more than I could have ever hoped.”



He held her hand, stroking her knuckles with his thumb. After a moment she closed the space between them and placed her head on his shoulder.



He closed his eyes and kissed her head and then put his arm around her and held her as they sat on the couch quietly enjoying each other’s company.



“This is probably backwards but Martier, it would be my honor if you would be my wife. I promise I’ll-”



“Yes.” She said softly.



He chuckled. “Are you sure you want to say yes before you hear all of the promises that I was going to make?”



“All I need is you, Tim.” She turned to him with a soft smile upon her lips. “Set me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong as death, jealousy is cruel as the grave. Its flashes are flashes of fire, a most vehement flame. Many waters cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it. If a man offered for love all the wealth of his house, it would be utterly scorned.”



His eyes were wide. “Wow, is that from the bible?”



“Yes,” She smiled. “Song of Solomon. A poem about longing and sex and love.”



“In the bible?” They snuggled again as she nodded her head. Maybe he would read the bible. Just to see what else might be in there.



~***~



Neither said anything when Tim left for his apartment just a few minutes before midnight. There was no lovemaking, not even any making-out, but Tim found that he didn’t need that. He was content just having Martier back in his arms. He wouldn’t risk that for sexual gratification. That would come in time.



Martier again had a peaceful, contented sleep and the next morning she called the African cab driver from long ago to take her to the convent to visit Sister Louise. He exclaimed that he hadn’t seen her in ages and they chatted about things that weren’t important. He charged her fifteen dollars and she gave him thirty and when he protested she gave his shoulder a fond pat.



“We help each other. There might be a time when I can only afford fifteen dollars…but this is not that time.”



Sister Louise met her at the door and the two went to the kitchen for breakfast. The little ones were in class and everything was relatively quiet.



“How was your visit to your homeland? Did it give you enlightenment?”



“Yes sister, it did. I learned a lot about my family, about genocide and finally about myself. I know that it was your hope that I might become a nun-”



“Only because I know you to be a compassionate person. But…that’s not going to happen is it?”



“No, sister. Being a nun isn’t for me. I want to marry and have children.”



“So you and Mr. Singleton have gotten back together?”



Martier smiled. “He asked me to marry him and I said yes.”



“Then I’m happy for you, Martier.”



“Thank you. I wanted to tell you about my plans for the future.”



“Oh?” Sister Louise gave her a confused look. “It’s not just to be a wife and mother?”



“Well In addition to that I decided that I want to help young women transition into society.” The idea came while mentoring Lindewe, and of course her own memories of trying to fit in. “I would like to start an organization where we can help girls gain employment, housing, even education if that is lacking. I want to teach girls how to continue to walk with God while they navigate through society and to not get caught up in some of the traps that can be so tempting.”



“But how would you do this?”



“Well…with your help. If you would trust me once more I would like to work with some of the older girls from Bartholoma-–those that would be interested. Initially we could just start with outings so that leaving the convent won’t be such a scary experience.”



Sister Louise gave her an unsure look and Martier quickly continued.



“I know that not all of the girls are afraid. “Some are eager to turn 18 just so that they can go out into the world as if seeking an adventure. They have no real concept of what it is out here. They think they do but they don’t. I would be there as a buffer.”



Sister Louise nodded slowly. “And lets say that you did this. How would you get the funding?”



“I know several people that are looking for a cause; whether it’s for the right reason or the wrong ultimately doesn’t matter. The funding is there. I’m sure that Tim will help with any legal aspects of it. I will do the leg work—if you will trust me with your girls.”



Sister Louise smiled. Her girls. “Martier. I do trust you. If you will allow me a say in the decision making process then I will agree to give it a test run.”



The two shook hands and then they hugged. Afterwards they talked some, cried some about Rwanda but mostly they just enjoyed the others company.





Chapter 46



Tim looked out the back window of his kitchen. The sounds of young girls laughing put a smile on his face but he still felt like that creepy guy that should be doing something other than watching girls frolicking around the pool. Well there was only one girl that he had eyes for and that was his own.



Martier.



She wore a modest, black one-piece swimsuit but she could have been wearing a garter belt and high heels for the way she affected him. It had been so many months since they’d touch that his desire for her was now just comical or perhaps pathetic.



Reluctantly he pulled himself away from the window and contemplated finding some way to entertain himself…some way that didn’t include touching his penis. Yes, there were many perks to his upcoming marriage to Martier but a huge one was the honeymoon. There would be no sex until then—nothing close to sex.



Unfortunately his mind sent constant reminders of a time when he would kiss swollen nipples and plunge himself into a tight, hot canal over and over until his woman’s moans intensified and....FUCK! Stop it Tim!



He opened the refrigerator and in an attempt to sway his thoughts, he contemplated the contents. There were several packs of hotdogs and pounds of ground beef for the burgers and dogs that he would grill later. Until then he would leave them to their fun. He grabbed a bottle of ice tea and headed back to his home office.



His long time home was familiar and yet not. It was the same house but different. He and Martier had taken the house off the market. He had actually listened when she said that if they were going to hunt for the perfect home then it would be this one. She explained that the cottage could be used for her mentoring program. She also exclaimed that she wasn’t leaving that beautiful garden to some other woman to take advantage of after all the man-hours she had put into it!



He had laughed and kissed her and told her that they could make the house into whatever they needed it to be; together as a couple. Starting with a clean slate she decorated the once modern traditional home in a stylish contemporary way. There were wonderful splashes of colors and African artwork. He loved the way that her eclectic style brought the house to life. They removed the carpet and put down hardwood floors and then created a second home office where she would handle her charity work.



Now that the house was completely redecorated there was a huge drawback; he lived in it alone. She wouldn’t move out of the cottage until after their marriage and so there were nights when they had spent the entire day painting, hanging pictures and then standing back to admire their handy work and then she would turn to leave for the night.



“You can stay here, honey. You can have the bedroom and I’ll sleep in the guest room-“



“No. When I move in my home with you it will be as your wife.” He had smiled at those beautiful words. He then kissed her in a rare passionate moment and then quickly pulled back.



“I love you more than you can imagine.” He recalled the way she had closed her eyes as if to savor those words.



Tim sighed and logged onto his computer. He was happy even if he was horny.



~***~



“Martier, can we watch Dirty Dancing tonight?” Sharon’s hands were pressed together in a begging gesture as she jumped up and down with hope.



“Dirty Dancing?” Martier’s brow arched upward. “Oh…I don’t think Sister Louise is going to allow that on the list of approved movies-”



“Oooo please Martier, it’s not dirty,” another girl chimed in. “It’s just about dancing.”



Martier placed her hand on her hips and hid her smile. She liked indulging the girls but couldn’t appear to always give in to their wants. She already knew that the movie Dirty Dancing would be acceptable and thought that they would enjoy it a great deal.



The four girls grew quiet as they watched her. They ranged in age from sixteen to eighteen including Lindewe who was present to assist Martier in her new mentor program; Building Blocks for Success.



“If the movie is pg-13-”



Someone jumped the gun and hooted in joy and Martier raised her hand to quiet her cheers. “AND if you young ladies will conduct yourselves appropriately while watching it then I will add it to the list.”



Three young girls jumped and hooted as if she had just given them each a million dollars. Martier and Lindewe exchanged secret looks. In a way she had given them something equal to that and no one would know that better than she and Lindewe.



Lindewe stood next to her and spoke low under her breath while watching the three young women bubble with anticipation. “You best not put that movie on the list for Sister Louise to review.”



“I know, right.”



“She will take one look at that title and her imagination is going to go crazy.” The young women chuckled. Lindewe had come a long way in the eight months since leaving the convent. She was dating a young man that worked at the deli that frequently delivered to the firm. Martier had been introduced to him and she liked the tall, handsome African American man and she could tell that he thought himself lucky to be with such a beautiful girl as Lindewe.



Helping Martier to mentor the girls was also helping Lindewe as well. As she thought of the values that she wanted to help instill in her sisters from the convent—as well as other girls that would join the program when it grew, she realized that she didn’t want them to go down the road that she was heading.



She was now Tim’s full time assistant and since there didn’t exist the opportunity to fall madly in love with her boss she was forced to focus on her self. By the time she moved into her own apartment she had a life that she loved and it didn’t come at the cost of being a mistress to an attorney or partner. Although her home wasn’t like Martier’s cottage and she didn’t have the things that Martier had, she loved her life nonetheless...as well as her handsome, humble boyfriend.



Martier now focused on her mentoring program and was proud that she had found part-time jobs for all of ‘her girls’ and not at the firm. That was the last place she wanted to see them! Charity work wasn’t as easy as she thought but she did have a board of directors which included Dhakiya and Sister Louise…the two of them never saw eye to eye but it was always sweet when they finally agreed upon something.



They all played in the pool, challenging each other to cannonball contests and breath holding tournaments until Martier began to grow hungry and she sent the girls back to the cottage to change for dinner. She wrapped a towel around her wet body and entered the house through the kitchen. She smiled at her new, contemporary kitchen. They hadn’t replaced the appliances but had changed the cabinet fronts and removed the old-world Travertine marble. Dark wooden cabinets with sleek stainless steel appliances created an upscale modern look with the new, white subway tile. Her dark, hard wood floor rounded out the modern look that she was going for, softened by abstract paintings of fruit.



She couldn’t wait to move into this beautiful house; just two more weeks; two more weeks before she would be Mr. Tim Singleton’s wife; Mrs. Tim Singleton. The thought always caused her to shiver. She had scribbled the signature in her notebook of poems, beaming at what would soon become her new name; Mrs. Martier Nufaika Singleton.



Barefoot, she padded through the house, leaving dark foot impressions from her wet feet on the new hardwood floors. “Tim?” She called before tapping on his office door and opening it.



His attention was on his computer. He really did work too hard. He looked up and a smile appeared on his face as he leaned back in his chair and gave her his full attention. She felt a red hot heat move across her body at the appreciative look that crossed his face. In his defense he did try to hide the wolf-like gleam. She knew that he was trying to be the perfect gentleman while they waited for their wedding. She also knew that as soon as the ceremony was over she was going to be completely and totally ravished. A pleasant throb settled between her thighs as her imagination went wild with that.



She too fought hard to hide her desire for him. She had already made too many demands on this man and she wouldn’t dare to hinder his unspoken commitment to remain celibate. They hadn’t discussed it but they didn’t need to, it was obvious that he retreated as soon as things threatened to become overly intimate. In the last four months since returning to the States, Martier had done nothing more than kiss and hug him.



But she wanted more. There were days when they would just be grilling steaks and he would get a particular expression on his face as he told her a story; and then she would suddenly want to drop to her knees, unzip his jeans and withdrew his magnificent cock. She knew the proper words for a man’s anatomy; his penis, his testicles, his scrotum…but in her mind at those moments it was his cock; her cock and she wanted it in her mouth.



“Martier?”



She shivered and then blinked her eyes and smiled innocently as if she hadn’t just been fantasizing about sucking him.



“Oh, I came in to find out if you’re ready to start grilling.”



Tim glanced at his watch amazed that he had become so absorbed in his work that it was now after 4pm.



“Yeah, I’m hungry.” He quickly logged off his computer.



“I’m going to put the baked beans in the oven,” she said as she left the room. He peeked at her, relishing the sight of her long sleek legs beneath the towel.



Tim put away his notes and entered the kitchen just in time to see Martier slip a foil wrapped casserole dish into the oven. He suddenly felt an overwhelming desire to touch her. Tim came up behind her and slipped his arms around her body and then snuggled his face against her damp curls.



“Mmm…” she murmured.



Martier’s heart seemed to slam against her ribcage at the sudden ferocity of her desire for him. She leaned back into his strong arms. She loved it when he held her like this, protectively; his big body a defense against all things that could do her harm. She just needed to allow him to be the man that he desired to be; a man that would take care of the people he loved.



She turned and slipped her arms around his body, her hands gripping him in a desperate clutch. Her lips sought his and then she was kissing him urgently. She slipped her tongue into his mouth and felt him suck responsively. She nipped and slashed at his mouth insistently with her tongue until she heard him groan and then rough hands quickly clutched her bottom beneath her towel. She quickly unfastened the damp material, allowing it to drop to the floor and then she lifted a leg and wrapped it around his body. She felt him harden instantly and she pushed against him seeking contact with the throbbing hardness that was growing between them.



Tim drew in a sharp, almost pained breath. “Oh, baby…damn.” He quickly took a step back his arms holding her at bay. He then took in her dark eyes and her swollen lips and the way that her chest heaved with desire. Her nipples were thick and the swollen peaks pushed against the thin black material. He thought he was going to black out. Was it possible to desire something so much that it could kill you? Please please please don’t do this…I want you so badly baby, but not like this. Can’t you see that I’m trying so very hard to be the man that you deserve?



He couldn’t even speak the words but his eyes said it all. Martier’s heartbeat slowed and then she nodded at the silent communication. Her fists still gripped the sides of his shirt but after a moment her head cleared and her tight grip relaxed.



With a sigh she moved to hug him. He flinched but she gave him a serious look and then took him in her arms, her head resting against his chest. Soon his arms went around her and he held her.



“I love you Tim. In this second I love you more than I’ve ever loved you before. I trust you completely and I know that you will always take care of me; of everything and everyone we love.”



His arms tightened around her as if demonstrating that her words were true…or maybe it was just because he was overwhelmed by his own sense of love for her in turn.





~EPILOGUE~





Martier didn’t want to take off the pretty white wedding dress. She felt like a princess in it. Instead of changing into a comfortable, post wedding dress she had partied in her long gown and heels. She had nearly twisted her ankle doing the electric slide and had gotten butter cream icing on the bodice when Tim had tried to rub wedding cake into her mouth.



But now all of the pictures had been taken, both the garter and bouquet had been tossed and now it was time to prepare to leave for her honeymoon. She was excited that they were finally going to make a trip to Waikiki. Neither brought up the reason they had missed the trip the first time.



“Hold still, sis.” Dhakiya said as she unbuttoned each small pearl button that ran down her back.



“Dhakiya, let someone else do it. You should be sitting down.” There had been so much standing and sitting with the wedding mass that she knew her friend must be exhausted.



Dhakiya patted her swollen belly. “Little Rodney, Jr. isn’t playing soccer with my bladder so I’m quite alright. Now turn around.”



“Sugar, you have two outfits here.” Claudette stated. “Which one are you wearing on the flight?”



“The grey dress I think.”



“That’s pretty.” Elaina said. At least she didn’t look sad right now. Martier knew that it was hard for her being at her and Tim’s wedding and seeing Jakob after their separation. She told her that she didn’t have to be in the wedding party if she was uncomfortable but Elaina had assured her that she and Jakob were at least talking so it wasn’t a problem.



The two had separated after Jakob revealed that he had a little boy. Martier thought it was promising that she hadn’t immediately filed for divorce. Tim had complained that they had the most dysfunctional wedding party in history. Not only was both Jakob and Elaina involved but Claudette was her matron of honor. She had flown up from Alabama with her new beau; a handsome man whose grey eyes twinkled happily whenever he looked at her. Although Aaron Rangbo wasn’t in the wedding party, having him stare at her from the pew had been slightly uncomfortable. Later Martier had apologized but Claudette just brushed it off stating that she wasn’t going to be affected by his sour-ass.



Included in the wedding party was Tim’s brother who seemed to show little interest in his life and who had not even stayed for the reception. And of course there was Dhakiya and Lindewe. Although she had wanted Sister Louise by her side the older woman had been much more valuable with planning the wedding and making sure that everything ran smoothly behind the scenes.



Martier finally stepped out of her dress. She couldn’t deny that it felt good to unhook the corset. There came a soft knocking on the door and the women all looked at it.



“Who is it?” Dhakiya called and the women all giggled. Martier slipped on a robe.



“Uh…it’s Tim.” Called a muffled voice from the other side.



“Come in.” Martier called and Tim stepped inside and nodded towards all of the women before his eyes settled on his wife of just three hours. Martier smiled at him and then he smiled at her. Someone cleared their voice when the stares continued but the couple just stood there silently smiling, feeling all of the emotions of an entire lifetime culminate into this very moment.



“I think we better go.” Elaina said wisely.



“Uh,” Lindewe whispered, “I don’t think they’re going to wait for the honeymoon…”



“Shhh!” Dhakiya hissed as the women filed out of the room.



Claudette smiled to herself. To be in love with someone that loved you was something that she was just experiencing again.



When the last woman had filed out Tim turned calmly to the door and locked it. Martier gently gnawed her lower lip. He then turned to her and loosened his tie. Martier made to undo the sash of her white satin robe but Tim stopped her.



“No. Don’t move,” the gentle yet deep growl of his words caused shivers to cross her body. He removed his jacket and tossed it on one of the chairs and then he pulled her body close to his, eyes never leaving hers.



“I’ve wanted to do this since the end of the mass…but I thought it might be frowned upon to do this in church.”



“To do what, honey?” She asked in the most sensuous voice that he’d ever heard.



He parted her robe to find white thigh high stockings, nude panties and a strapless white bra. Oh my God…



“This…” He placed his hands between her legs, gently cupping her pussy. Martier placed her hands on his fore arm either to brace herself or to make sure he didn’t stop what he was doing.



Still staring deeply into her eyes he slipped his finger beneath the thin nylon of her panties and brushed the peach fuzz of her pubis. His brow went up in pleasure that she had allowed hair to grow there. Oh how he wanted to run his tongue along the moistened hairs when he got her wet.



Only, he was surprised to discover that her pussy was already dripping wet and piping hot. He bit back a moan and hid a smile of pleasure. “My wife’s been thinking about me too, I see.” He was further surprised to feel her bold fingers trace the outline of his cock through his pants.



“We’re not in church now…” she said. Finally he kissed her, his fingers slipping insistently into her tight hole. She reflexively clutched around the digit and he moaned into her mouth as he rapidly pushed in and out of her, simulating what he wanted his cock to be doing.



Martier felt her limbs quiver and her legs nearly gave away. Tim quickly lifted her and placed her on the dressing table, scattering perfume, makeup, her hairbrush and other items. With a grunt he pushed her legs a part and quickly came down on his knees in front of her. Martier quickly slipped her panties down and Tim yanked them off and flung them away. He could smell the pleasant scent of her desire and his mouth watered to taste her after so many months.



He kissed the lips between her legs and when she spread her thighs wider he was presented with the sweet gift of her glistening folds and swollen bud. Quickly he licked them, savoring the sweet tang of her honey. Tim’s fingers gripped her thighs as he lapped at the well that produced the delicious elixir.



Martier felt as if she was melting from the sensation of Tim’s tongue. She could barely control her limbs and she cried out in pleasure from his teasing touch. And then his tongue dipped into her opening, his mouth pressed against her eagerly as his tongue wiggled and squirmed. She quickly clutched his head as a molten wave of pleasure swept through her.



“Oh Tim, I’m going to--!“ Her words became lost in her cries of pleasure as she experienced her first orgasm as a married woman. Tim quickly pressed his tongue against her clit, feeling it spasm; swallowing both the taste and the sensation of her cum.



Martier quickly wrapped her legs around his neck and shoulders as she seized and pulsed into her husband’s awaiting mouth. After the last spasm finally dwindled into small flutters she allowed her limbs to finally liquefy and she collapsed against the mirror looking like a broken sex doll. Tim delighted in that look, knowing that he had caused it by satisfying her. He came to his feet and unzipped his pants and then withdrew his swollen cock. Martier smiled lazily at the sight of him standing there in his suit pants, dress shirt with his beautiful cock in hand.



Her legs went around his waist and he pushed into her opening without hesitation. She was so tight but so ready; almost a virgin but also wanton in the way that she gnawed her lower lip and watched him with hooded, needy eyes.



He gripped her legs and thrust into her, stretching her, knowing that he should pull back some but not able to help the way he pounded and hammered into her. His desperate moans drove his actions. He needed her and nothing or no one else. Mine. His fingers dug into her hips and then there were no more thought unless it was just carnal images of filling her body with his semen…no with his sperm. She was the earth in which he would bury his seed…



With that thought came a loud cry as his testicle seized and he shot load after load deep inside of her, wondering if life was just moments from being created. Tim leaned over her panting as he gathered his strength. She ran her fingers lazily through his messy hair and suddenly his body spasmed and jerked in one last after-shock. He gave her an apologetic smile when she jumped at the sudden motion. And then they both laughed. Quickly he lifted her from her uncomfortable position on the dressing table and sat her on her feet. She still wore her heels and her nylons had slid partially down her thighs. Her neat French twist had fallen and her lipstick had disappeared. Nude except for the strapless bra, Tim was positive that she had never looked more beautiful than she looked standing before him now.



They both looked down as his semen mixed with her honey began to trail down her inner thighs. His mind took a snapshot of this most perfect moment. She waited for him to clean her and he did without her having to ask as he delighted in such tasks. And then they dressed and laughed and smiled at each other.



After making sure that the room was in order Martier went to unlock the door but Tim stopped her. He looked suddenly nervous and unsure.



“Martier…I wanted to tell you something but I wasn’t sure…”



Her brow drew together in question. “Sure about what Tim?”



He seemed to struggle with how to complete his thoughts. Finally he just blurted out.“ I just don’t want you to think that just because I’ve been reading the bible that I’m going to be walking around quoting bible verses!”



She smiled. She hadn’t asked him to start reading the bible nor had she needed or expected it. But one day she saw him reading her bible and he had given her a perplexed look and exclaimed, ‘This is harder to understand than legal documents! I need to take bible courses!’ And he had.



He suddenly stopped looking nervous and unsure as he stared into her eyes. “I wanted you to know that neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate me from the love that I have for you.”

She stared at him in awe. “Romans…” She touched her lips, nearly overwhelmed by the sentiment. How lucky she was to have a man that could pleasure her until she was limp and then turn around and quote a bible verse to her.

She reached up and kissed him. “Come on. We have a whole lot of life to live.”



THE END





PEPPER PACE BOOKS

~~***~~

STRANDED!

Juicy

Love Intertwined Vol. 1

Love Intertwined Vol. 2

Urban Vampire; The Turning

Urban Vampire; Creature of the Night

Wheels of Steel Book 1

Wheels of Steel Book 2

Wheels of Steel Book 3

Angel Over My Shoulder

CRASH

They Say Love Is Blind

Beast

Miscegenist Sabishii



SHORT STORIES

~~***~~

Someone to Love

MILF

Blair and the Emoboy

Babygirl and the Mean Boss





Awards

~~***~~

Pepper Pace is a popular author on Literotica.com. She is the winner of the 11th Annual Literotica Awards for 2009 for Best Reluctance story, as well as best Novels/Novella. She is also recipient of Literotica’s August 2009 People's Choice Award, and was awarded second place in the January 2010 People’s Choice Award. In the 12th Annual Literotica Awards for 2010, Pepper Pace won number one writer in the category of Novels/Novella as well as best Interracial story.





About the Author

~~***~~



Pepper Pace is the pen name used by the author. Born and raised in Cincinnati, she has always enjoyed creativity. At a very young age, Pepper had a gift for art and would spend most of her spare time drawing images that she later began adding stories behind. Soon writing became more important than the illustrations and took a back seat to her real love.



Pepper wrote her first novel when she was 12 years old and had written 2 more by the age of 18. Too shy to share her work with anyone, Pepper stockpiled her many stories into notebooks until she came upon Literotica.com and was compelled to share her craft.



Pepper became instantly popular and won several awards each year in which she submitted a story to the site. After receiving popular feedback, she grew in confidence and created a popular blog entitled Writing Feedback where she encourages her readers to interact with her on topics concerning, music, writing, art and pop culture. She can be reached at her blog: pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com/





