Her Protector



Men of Valor

Book 3.5





Kiru Taye





Breathless Press

Calgary, Alberta

www.breathlesspress.com





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and

incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are

used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any

resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or

persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.



Her Protector

Copyright© 2012 Kiru Taye

Smashwords Edition

ISBN: 9781476018904



Cover Artist: Victoria Miller

Editor: Olivia Ventura



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used

or reproduced electronically or in print without written

permission, except in the case of brief quotations

embodied in reviews.



Breathless Press

www.breathlesspress.com





Look for these titles by Kiru





His Treasure (Men of Valor 1)

His Strength (Men of Valor 2)

His Princess (Men of Valor 3)





Igboland, West Africa pre-colonization

Oma stood across the courtyard, hidden in the shadows beside the palace barracks long house. It was a dark night, the silver moon hidden behind ominous clouds. The air stirred. Leaves rustled in the shrubs behind her.

Pulse thumping, she pushed her back into the cool mud wall and glanced behind into the dense foliage. In the gloom she couldn’t see much. Crickets chirped. An owl hooted.

Body frozen, ears pricked up and breath held, she stood still waiting for someone to spring from the bushes.

Nothing happened.

Exhaling the breath nearly busting her lungs, she returned her gaze toward Prince Emeka’s quarters.

The head guard, Jide stood outside talking to another of the prince’s guards. The square was lit with bare-flamed lamps hanging on wall sconces several feet apart. From her vantage point she couldn’t hear the men’s conversation but she could watch them unobserved.

The two men were a contrast of light and shadows. But she easily recognized their outlines.

Lofty like an iroko tree, Jide stood a head taller than his colleague. His skin was of the darkest ebony and his bulky muscles tight and hard.

For a moment she remembered the several occasions she’d walked past him or stood close to him. She’d always been tempted to touch his skin and find out if it was as firm as it appeared.

A warm shiver crawled down her back. Heat travelled to her belly. A slow ache erupted at her core.

The sound of conversation drew her back to her location. Her spine stiffened in alertness. Soon the conversation died away as the people talking walked by without noticing her skulking in the shadows.

She glanced back to where the guards stood together.

Jide turned and stared in her direction. Her breathe hitched as his gaze seemed to connect with hers. She pressed her bare back against the wall, the rough stones scratching her skin.

Surely he can’t see me.

She stood still making sure no part of her body was exposed. And held her breath for several moments, her heart pounding in her chest.

After a while he shook his head, said something to his companion and walked away.

She let out a deep breath grateful he hadn’t seen her.

The last thing she wanted was to be caught before she’d achieved her objective.

She had specific instructions to carry out. Her brother’s well-being was at stake.

After another moment, the other guard walked off in the other direction. She knew he’d gone off on patrol and wouldn’t return for a while. She’d monitored their routine for a few nights.

This was her chance to act.

With haste she glanced left and right across the courtyard. Keeping to the shadows as much as possible, she crept to the prince’s chambers. With each step her pulse raced, her hands clammy with fear.

It didn’t matter how often she’d done this. Each time fright and nervousness gripped her.

The last thing she wanted was to be caught. The penalty for spying was severe.

Yet she couldn’t help it.

Briefly, she stopped outside the main entrance to the prince’s chambers, an archway framed by sculptures of the gods. A prickly sensation raised her skin in gooseflesh. Did the wooden deities know her intent?

She turned and looked behind. No one else was out there. Pulse still sprinting, she wiped her clammy hands against her light cotton wrap skirt and peered into the prince’s obi.

The chamber was dark. All the lamps extinguished.

The gloom worked well for her as she could evade notice more easily. However it would be more difficult to move through the room with speed. She needed to accomplish her task and be gone as quickly as possible. She also needed to walk through the room based on her memory not sight.

Luckily she was one of the maidens that served the heir to the throne and his family. So she’d been in his chambers frequently.

But never under the cloak of darkness.

She took a step in and tried to remember where all the furniture was located so she didn’t knock into anything and rouse attention. When her eyes adjusted to the night, she saw the outline of the chairs and the prince’s throne on the far end of the wall.

Then she noticed the entrance to the private inner chamber.

There was no light or sound coming through the door. Had the prince retired early?

Feeling emboldened by the darkness and silence, she took a step forward in the direction of the inner chamber.

Before she could take a second step, strong arms wrapped around her waist and lifted her off the floor. She gasped, knocked breathless as her body rammed into an immovable hard object.

She twisted her torso to look, mouth opened ready to scream.

“Don’t make a sound.”

The rumbling masculine voice was harsh and low. A mere whisper. Yet, there was no mistaking the command.

Nor the owner.

Jide.

The palace chief guard. The last person she wanted to encounter tonight.

In the darkness, Oma barely made out his expression but guessed it would be stern and unforgiving.

Apprehension dropped into her stomach like heavy boulders. She lifted her chin bravely and glared at the looming, dark man holding her against his rigid body. Excitement flared in her core.

"Put—"

“I warned you.”

Before she could do anything, his lips descended on hers.

Stunned, she opened her mouth to protest. He took advantage and gained entry with his tongue.

For a moment she was unsure of what to do. And froze.

Never had she been involved in such an act before. Mouth fused with mouth.

Intruding on one of her friends kissing her betrothed was not the same as living it. Feeling it as Oma did now. No man had ever pressed his lips against hers. Her body had never felt these alien sensations currently invading her.

Jide's tongue twirled and wriggled like an atilogu dancer in her mouth, wrecking havoc on her senses. His mouth tasted like udara fruit, sweet and rich. His scent was of the fresh earth after a rainy day.

For the first time in her life, she was aware of her femininity. Aware of heat coursing through her body. Aware that she wanted to yield her body to this man.

When he turned his head, deepening the kiss she let out a soft moan and yielded to the feelings of confusion and excitement. All he did was kiss and hold her to him. Still her body bloomed. She snaked her arms around his shoulders clinging on tightly. The slow burn of fervor warmed her insides.

Abruptly, he released her body and her bare feet hit the hard earth. In that instant, she missed his touch. His heat. His kiss.

Disorientated, it took her a moment to realize they were no longer in the prince’s quarters. They stood outside, in the dark corner of the courtyard where she’d been spying on the guards previously.

“Are you suddenly speechless?” Jide asked, his voice dangerously low.

Heat flushed her cheeks with embarrassment. Fear and excitement made her body tremble.

She stiffened her back, quelling her body’s quakes. Digging into her reserves of boldness, she stared up at the fierce-looking sentinel who towered above her.

Even in the dim light, his features were striking.

Jide didn’t have the proud handsome features of the Prince of Umunri. Rather it was as if Chiokike, the god of creation, endowed him with intense features in preparation for his life as a warrior—to frighten his opponent, instead of to attract attention.

Yet, his dense curved brows, eyes the color of the blacksmith’s furnace, strong wide nose and full sensual lips drew her to him each time. Even now she was mesmerized by him.

The rest of his physique was superb. She could now attest to the firmness of his bulky musculature. She had felt their solidity when he’d held her to his body.

Oma had lived through eighteen New Yam festivals. In that time, she’d never met any man like Jide. He was the most feared of the palace guards and the heir’s most loyal sentry.

If you want to live through another eighteen festivals you have to get away from him.

Remembering where she was and her situation, she bit her cheek to stop being distracted.

“You caught me unawares,” she retorted.

Angrily, she stared at him. He lifted his lips up in a half-smile. She looked away, conscious of the way his amused knowing gaze seemed to bore into her mind.

“Now I have to return to my quarters.”

Thinking to get away quickly, she turned, her feet ready to flee.

“Where do you think you’re going?”

He grabbed her arm, stopping her before she could take a step away.

“I’m not done with you, yet.”

Her cheeks flushed with heat again at his words’ implication.

“Do not think I will allow you to maul me like you did a little while ago,” she injected disdain into her voice.

A low chuckle erupted from Jide. He sounded like a man who was out of practice with laughter. She’d never seen him laugh before now.

“You did not resist the last time. As I recall, you were positively speechless. For the first time ever from what I know of you.”

“Do you imply I’m a chatterer?”

Intentionally, she ignored the implication that he observed her activities. It couldn’t be. A man of his station had more important things to do than watching a maiden go about her duties.

“On the contrary. I merely refer to your refusal to obey my instruction in the Prince’s chambers. Why were you there in the first place?”

She had practiced her response in the event of being caught. Yet in front of this domineering sentry who seemed to see through her, she stuttered. “I—I went to retrieve the rest of the dinner utensils that I forgot earlier.”

“You are certain of this.”

“Of course,” she replied. Flustered, she continued speaking to cover her nervousness. “I was plainly not aware the prince had retired for the evening. It was not my intention to disturb him. You must admit it is unusual for the prince to retire this early.”

“It is none of your concern what time the prince of Umunri retires for the day, maiden.” For the first time that night, Jide’s tone was harsh and reprimanding. She knew instantly she’d spoken beyond her station.

“Forgive me for speaking out of turn,” she said, her tone chastised, her head bowed to hide the tears that threatened to cloud her eyes.

It was bad enough she’d been caught where she wasn’t supposed to be. Now she seemed to have incurred the wrath of the chief guard. She had failed in her mission tonight. And the consequences would be terrible.

“Oma, you are forgiven,” he said, his resonant voice losing its harshness.

He lifted her chin. The calluses on his fingers grazed her skin, searing it as his fiery gaze held her captive. For a moment, she thought he was going to kiss her again. To her chagrin, she wanted him to kiss her. She hoped it meant she had escaped punishment for her offenses this night.

“But I do not believe your reason for going to the prince’s chamber,” he continued, his words sinking her hopes along with her heart falling into her belly. His gaze was stern again.

“To be certain you do not attempt it again tonight, you will stay where I can keep a watch over you. Or are you going to tell me the truth?”

“I—I told you the truth already.” Her nervousness returned along with her body’s trembling. Her heart pounded in her chest in a quick tempo. She wondered if he could hear it.

“Right, you will come with me then.”

Suddenly rage coursed through her veins at being planted in this precarious position in the first place. Her annoyance was compounded because only moments previously the now implacable Jide had made her feel something no one else had ever elicited from her. Making her think perhaps there was more to him that his forbidding exterior.

Now he would extinguish the light of hope he’d lit in her.

“I’m not going anywhere with you,” she replied irritably and clenched her fists at her sides.

He grabbed her arm. She wriggled and pulled but couldn’t get away. She opened her mouth to protest.

“Don’t even think of making a noise. Otherwise I know exactly how to shut you up.”

Remembering exactly how he’d shut her up previously, warmth travelled up her body and stung her cheeks. She couldn’t allow him to kiss her again. She needed her mind clear.

Clenching her fists, she gritted her teeth and nodded instead.

Smiling victoriously, he tugged her arm. She followed him like a festival goat about to be slaughtered.

***

Oma stood with her back against the smooth cool wall of the private chamber. The rest of the palace guards shared quarters. However due to his rank and stature as head of palace security, Jide had his own lodgings.

Self-consciously, she rubbed her arm where he had been holding her previously. Her skin still tingled from his touch. His heat.

“Sit down,” Jide said, waving his hand across the space.

He stood in the middle of the large room. With his back to her, slowly he loosened the leather belt that held his scabbard and whip.

Mesmerized, she observed the contours of his expansive back, the ridges of scars and the markings that identified him as a warrior. Instead of being afraid of the mystical runes that were supposed to protect him against enemies, she wanted to trace the symbols and welts with her fingertips.

Gently, carefully, he folded the strap and placed it on the wooden trunk at the foot of the bed. His movements were sensuous and practiced.

She pictured his callused hand moving fluidly across her skin. The ramming of her heart increased. Her breath hitched softly.

Unhurried, he turned his head, his dark brow raised mockingly.

She stiffened her stance in annoyance at being arrested by his watchful gaze while staring at him. It seemed she was no champion at discrete observations.

And she was expected to be a spy.

Her body ached with tension and rigidity. Yet she remained standing. She stared balefully at the raised bamboo platform covered with a raffia mat. It stood against the far wall. At the other corner of the room stood a wooden bench and a table. She ignored those too. Her chest rose and fell as she fought to control her temper by breathing evenly.

“What am I doing here?” she asked.

“I told you already.”

With a relaxed demeanor, he walked to the bed and sat on it. The wood creaked beneath the strain of his bulk.

She glanced around the room. It was neater than any male accommodation she’d been into. The prince’s quarters were always neat because servants ensured it. Jide had no servants or wife, to her understanding.

The wicker lamp on the table lit the chamber. The ox-blood colored walls were bare. Except for a mantelpiece that had an assortment of weaponry laid out on it.

There were different sizes of machetes and knives, some in their scabbards. In the lamplight the unsheathed weapons gleamed and showed evidence of polish and care. There were no visible blemishes.

She couldn’t help think that Jide was a meticulously tidy warrior. His chamber showed evidence of care. It was organized with no stray items of the floor. Everything seemed to have its place.

It added to her curiosity about this man.

So many things about him flummoxed her. She had thought he would strap her on the wooden palisade in the courtyard and whip her with the cattle whip he had on a loop hanging on his belt for her offenses. It was the punishment for a spy.

Instead he had dragged her to his quarters. What does he have planned for me instead?

She glared at him and noticed his intense heated gaze. Her body flushed with heat and she turned away, biting her cheek.

Does he intend to keep me in his room?

Surprisingly, the slow ache returned to her belly with the worrying thought. She bit her cheek harder, letting the sting give her strength.

She took a deep breath to quell her rising panic. As much as she dreaded the lash of the whip, there was far greater danger with her being alone in this man’s chamber. Brutal and frightening, he could easily overwhelm her with his strength.

“Am I now your captive?” she asked to distract him while her gaze roamed the sill searching for a weapon she could utilize to defend herself.

She would kill him first rather than have him forcibly take her.

“Until I know your intention for being in the heir’s private quarters, yes,” he replied, his tone matter of fact.

“You cannot keep me captive.” She moved closer to the wall with the weapons, one foot shuffle at a time.

“You will find that I can and will. Or would you rather I bind you to the picket outside like a common thief and whip the truth out of you.”

She turned her head sharply and raised her gaze to meet his.

His expression cooled, his lips pursed in a tight line.

Cold sweat broke on her forehead as her skin crawled with nervousness and fear. She had witnessed the effects of the whip on grown men. Seen them break down and cry for mercy as their skins flayed, blood and liquid oozing from the welts.

“Y—you wouldn’t,” she said bravely.

Inside she fought to control her stomach from churning and her feet from taking flight.

“Wouldn’t I? One thing the king detests is spies. I have the authority to mete out instant punishment to offenders.”

He stood and stalked toward her, a tiger prowling.

Instinct told her to pushed back and cower before him. To plead for mercy. She needed to survive so she could take care of her sibling.

Yet the thought of falling on her knees for another man who would take advantage had her bristling with anger. Despite her rising trepidation, she stood tall and met his stare without flinching. She kept her hands by her sides, rubbing her clammy palms against her skirt.

He stopped within reach of her but didn’t touch her. Instead, he crossed his arms across his chest. The flickering low lamp cast his features into shadows. She couldn’t read his expression.

“So if you have no wish for the whip tonight, you will stop your insubordination immediately and do as I tell you.”

His command grated on her nerves. She bit her tongue, quelling her sharp retort. She had no wish to have her skin flayed, or to be displayed publicly as a spy.

Flashing him her most disdainful glare, she asked, “What would you have me do?”

He might have her at his mercy but she didn’t have to make it easy for him.

“Get on the bed.”

Her eyes widened with shock. He isn’t really going to…

Panicked, she lunged at one of the knives on the shelf, grabbing it quickly, unsheathing it and pointing it toward Jide.

He made no move toward her. He appeared unperturbed though she had a weapon pointing at his bare chest.

“What are you doing? Put the dagger back on the mantelpiece,” he spoke so calmly, a chill passed through her body.

“I will kill you before you turn me into your whore,” she replied angrily.

“Do not delude yourself to think you could hurt me with that. You are more likely to hurt yourself.”

Realizing he spoke the truth, she shook her head. She wasn’t a trained killer and he was. This was why he stood with confidence and remained undaunted by the weapon in her hand. There was no way she could attack him without him stopping her.

So she turned the sharp point of the knife toward her belly.

Then he moved. His hands unfolded and straightened down his sides clenched into fists. Worry lines appeared on his forehead and furrowed his face.

“Oma, put that dagger down now.”

She shook her head. “I would rather kill myself than have you defile me.”

In a flash of lightning, he grabbed her hands and applied deft pressure to her wrists. She cried out in pain and dropped the knife. She’d never seen anyone move so fast.

He picked her up and tossed her on the bed. His body covered hers as he knelt above her. He didn’t release his grip on her arms. He was so close; the heat from his skin warmed her body. The scent of his skin wrapped her in spice. She swallowed hard.

“Don’t ever do that again!”

His expression was thunderous—an odd mix of rage and torment.

Stunned, she didn’t say anything. Her mind wandered. Why should he be so disturbed because I threatened to stab myself? Why should he care if I die? There is only one person who will miss my absence. And it isn’t the man looming dangerously above me.

“Did you hear a word I said?”

The vice of his grip tightened, sharp pain shooting through her arm.

She winced. “Yes, I’ll not do it again.” she said hoarsely, her throat clogged with a lump of tear. She’d never had anyone worry about her well-being like that before.

His clasp on her arms loosened. He sat back on his hind legs.

“I have never forced a woman to my bed. I’ll not start with you.”

He released her arms and got off the pallet.

“And in case you hadn’t noticed, you’re not the only maiden in Umunri. Moreover, I have no desire for spies and liars.” He pursed his lips in contempt.

Somehow his rejection and scorn stung. Hurt. More than any lash of the whip he could have taken to her skin.

It hurt because his words were true. She was a liar and a spy. A dirty shameful stain on Umunri. And she hated herself for doing it.

It hurt because for a moment when he’d kissed her earlier, she’d thought that he was the one. Her life mate. Now it would never be.

Her heart sank into her stomach. More tears stung her eyes. She turned her head away to the side so he couldn’t see the tears.

“Do not move from this bed tonight. Sleep. Perhaps in the morning you will see the wisdom of telling the truth.”

She heard receding footsteps and then nothing. She turned and looked around.

Jide was no longer in the chamber.

He’d truly meant to leave her alone. Her sadness deepened, digging its claw into her flesh. At that moment there was a flash of lightning and thunder. The sound of heavy rain drops on the thatch roof resounded in the room. The air chilled.

Without her sleeping wrapper to use for cover, Oma pulled her knees closer to her chest to keep warm. After a short while the sound of the rain lulled her to a fitful sleep.

***

Heartless. Brutal. Unforgiving.

They’d called him worse.

Jide was accustomed to the fear in people’s eyes when they looked at him. Yet they venerated him in battle. They trusted their lives with him, knowing he would give his life to protect their people. Their land. Their kingdom.

Watching Oma tremble with trepidation when she’d assumed he’d flay her skin with the whip or force her to his bed had only churned his stomach with disgust. The sensation left him with no joy or satisfaction.

Whatever his sins, he was not that evil. He would take the life of an enemy without hesitation in combat. But he was no defiler of innocents!

He walked toward the garrison, a square-shaped courtyard surrounded by mud cabins that housed the palace guards and soldiers. The prisoner holding pen stood behind the longest building. It was similar to a cattle pen with no roof and high fences to hold the prisoners.

The heavy drops of cold rain pelted his bare shoulders and back as he walked to the sleeping quarters. He shrugged it off.

The irony of the situation did not evade him.

His prisoner was currently enjoying the comfort and warmth of his bed chamber. While he stood out in the storm prepared to share lodgings with other guards.

Then again, he’d never had a prisoner such as Oma. Gorgeous, she was brimming with audacity and passion. She pushed his self-control to its limit.

Petite, her head barely reaching his shoulders, she was a maiden of no consequence in the palace. Still, the tilt of her chin and the sweep of her spine defied his commands. Something the palace guards would never dare to do.

“Nnadi, go stand guard in front of my quarters,” he said to a guard who ran toward the barracks for shelter.

The man halted in front of Jide and looked at him curiously.

“Do you not understand my instruction?” Jide asked, the hardness in his voice unmistakable. His command might appear strange but he wouldn’t allow a subordinate to question his motives.

“No, sir,” the guard replied, snapping to attention before hurrying in the direction of Jide’s accommodation.

Jide continued his leisurely walk to the barracks.

Normally, any sense of pity eluded him. Oma was a spy. He’d caught her in the act and she’d shown no remorse.

He should have delivered summary justice and used her to set an example to deter would-be spies.

Tension was high. Conflict was on the horizon. Two of the Kingdoms bordering Umunri were on the verge of war with each other. Umunri was caught in the middle trying to broker a diplomatic solution instead of a military one. And the peace deal arranged between Umulari and Umunri when Prince Emeka married Princess Nonye was now in tatters. Nonye had returned to Umulari and the prince was now wedded to Ezinne, her sister.

So this wasn’t the time for leniency to spies.

Yet something about Oma had stopped him. In his arms she’d been a bundle of soft tempting curves. In her eyes he’d glimpsed the soul of a brave lioness. A fighter.

The smoldering fire in the depths of her cocoa-colored eyes told him there was more to her—more to her story.

Once, another maiden had looked upon him with the same intense passion. Her touch had soothed his soul.

That was long time ago. Another life time.

Now, against his better judgment, he wanted to find out more about Oma.

Since the first time she arrived to work at the palace, he’d been fighting to resist her allure. Chosen to ignore the almost debilitating attraction. Whenever she was close, he could sense her presence. Scent her essence even when he couldn’t see her.

The spiking of the hairs on his back. The tightening in his gut. The gnawing need to be buried in her warm flesh. To claim her and end his lifelong torment. His punishment for not protecting another.

A heavy forlorn sigh lifted his shoulders. He lifted his face and closed his eyes. The cold rain stung him, cleansing his body and mind. Making the path clear for him to see the truth.

Awareness and need for Oma would keep plaguing him. He could no longer deny it.

It was how he’d sensed her presence in the shadows by the barracks earlier and known she was up to some mischief to be skulking in the dark. He’d been aware of no immediate danger from her. But as the head guard he’d needed to determine her purpose.

It seemed the gods had delivered her into his path. One didn’t reject a gift from the deities.

In the barracks, the air smelled of damp earth and men.

Strangely he remembered Oma’s scent—a mix of black soap and oranges. A smile lifted his lip as the corner. He muted it as he walked past the other guards who looked at him as if wondering why he was in there.

The longing that had flared when he’d kissed her was like none he’d ever experienced. It was more than a desire to slake his physical ache in her warm slick suppleness. The hunger she stirred in his soul craved much more.

He should know better than to go there again. His foray into an amorous liaison had ended disastrously. He couldn’t put himself through that torture again.

No. He would focus his attention on finding out what Oma was hiding.

Perhaps this was his chance to redeem his soul and save a life. Instead of taking it.

When he found a space in the barracks, he sat on the sleeping mat, legs crossed beneath him as he started chanting for the souls of those who had joined their ancestors.

***

Oma woke with a start, jolting off the bedding. Disorientated, she stared around the strange chamber lit dimly by the grey early morning light.

“Good. You’re awake.”

The deep male voice drew her gaze to the long bench. Jide sat on it, his arms bent at the elbows on the table. The aroma of freshly roasted yam and plantain accosted her nostrils. Her stomach rumbled.

She sat up straight as her face flushed with heat. Draped over her body was a cotton sheet dyed red and blue. She crinkled her face when she remembered she had gone to sleep without a cover.

When did he return to his quarters? She hadn’t heard him last night.

“Just in time for breakfast. Come on before it gets too cold.” He waved her over, his lips lifted in a warm tentative grin that lit up his face.

It was strange seeing him with a smile on his face. Throughout the time she’d being in the palace, she couldn’t recall seeing a smile on his face.

Was she the source of amusement for him?

After the way she behaved last night she couldn’t blame him for laughing at her. But she didn’t like it.

“Oma, are we going to have a recurrence of last night?” The smile on his face disappeared.

“I don’t know what you mean,” she replied as she stiffened her spine.

“Me giving orders and you refusing to obey them.”

“I don’t like being ordered about.”

The sound of his deep chuckled resounded in the room. Something within her melted.

“That has to be the oddest thing to hear from a girl who works in a palace as a servant. Do you disobey your superiors?”

“No,” she replied. “Perhaps I dislike receiving orders from you.”

Two lines appeared on his forehead as he frowned.

“Every other servant in this palace cowers before me.”

He stood to his full height—tall, large and fierce-looking. His body was bare of clothing except for his loincloth. His muscles lean and tight, his chest covered in scars and magical tattoos. His arms flexed at his sides. His eyes blazed like a furnace.

The trembling returned to her body. She clenched her teeth to stop them from chattering as nervous tension returned to her body. She clasped her palms together over raised knees.

“Perhaps I’m not afraid of you,” she said as her heart battered against her chest.

“You’re not a very good liar, Oma,” he said and walked toward her. “You’re afraid all right. Your body betrays you.”

He leaned over the bed and lifted her, sheet and all.

“Put me down,” she said. It sounded more like a whimper than an order.

Even through the fabric she felt his body heat permeate her skin. His clean spice wrapped around her.

For a brief moment she wanted to succumb to the strength and warmth he radiated. She wanted someone else to help her carry the heavy burden on her shoulders. She wanted to lean her head against his shoulders and forget all her cares.

Instead she kept her back stiffened.

Depositing her on the bench, he sat next to her.

“Now eat. Or I will be forced to feed you myself.”

She shifted as far away from him as possible on the bench and ate the food in silence. He didn’t move to change her position but ate his breakfast.

A myriad of emotions coursed through her. Most of it she couldn’t decipher. All she knew was that this man unsettled her. He saw right through her defenses and that wasn’t good.

“The gods must be playing a joke on me,” he said.

She turned to look at him. His lips were twisted in a wry smile.

“It seems I am to learn a lesson I’m yet to decipher.”

She paused eating and screwed up her face in a frown. “Why do you say that?”

“You bear a great resemblance to my betrothed.”

A vice wrenched at her heart pulling it down in a spiral of pain.

“You—you are spoken for?” Of course he was. It was stupid to ask such an obvious question. It was why he’d rejected her last night.

He closed his eyes for a brief moment. When he opened them, his chest heaved in a sorrowful sigh. He looked at her and she glimpsed the torment that had shadowed his eye last night in their dark depths.

“I was once.”

An odd mix of relief and sadness washed over her.

“Why?” She couldn’t stop the question from slipping out. Curious, she wanted to know who had broken off the engagement.

“She is no more.”

“Oh,” she said. Her heart clenched at the sorrow in his voice. “I’m sorry for your loss.”

Without thinking she moved her hand to comfort him, placing it on top of his large hand on the table. A spark of awareness flared in her body through their connection.

Jide stared at her hand.

“Thank you but there is no point in dwelling on the past.”

A true statement. The dead were rarely discussed especially if the events were tragic. Still, she wanted to know more. To understand this man and the darkness that surrounded him.

“How did she die?” she asked.

With furrowed brows marring his expression, he removed his hand from hers quickly.

“I ask the questions here, Oma, and I want to know your reason for being in the prince’s quarter last night.”

Disappointed, she moved her hand onto her lap and looked away.

“Do not think me a weak man for not punishing you for your crimes.”

She didn’t say anything as she fought the tears that clogged her throat.

“I can’t knowingly harbor a spy in the palace. You will go to the servant quarters, take your things and leave the palace this morning.”

“No,” she sobbed. Bowing her head, she slid off the bench and knelt on the stone floor.

“Please don’t send me away. I have nowhere else to go.”

“Oma lift your head up,” he said plainly.

At his instruction, she lifted her head slowly. Tears blurred her view of Jide’s face. She didn’t know if he was angry or compassionate.

“Surely you have a home and family?”

She shook her head, unsure of how much to reveal to this man. The fear of reprisals crippled her.

“So who is Aham?”

Her heart thudded in her chest in trepidation. Her eyes widened.

“How do you know him?” The moment the words were out, she regretted the question. She had just confirmed to Jide she’d been lying.

“You spoke his name in your sleep.”

“You came back here last night?”

“Yes. I saw little need in sending someone else to watch over you. I did it myself.”

Heat rose to her cheeks at the thought that he stood guard over her last night. Without touching her. How silly was she to think that he was going to take her to his bed? It was obvious his heart—and body—belonged to another.

“Who is Aham?” he asked again, more sternly. “You will leave this palace if I do not know the truth. All of it. No more lies.”

A deep breath whooshed out of her in resignation. She couldn’t escape this.

“Aham is my younger brother. He has only seen ten New Yam Festivals. He is the only living relative that I care about.”

“Where is he?”

“He lives with my uncle and his family.”

“Good. So he is well taken care of.”

“No, it isn’t good.” Despair enveloped her and her shoulders slumped down. Her tears overflowed. “I’ve just put his life in jeopardy.”

Large hands wrapped around her shoulders and lifted her to the bench.

“Tell me what’s wrong and no harm will come to your brother.”

She shook her head. He lifted her chin with callused fingers and wiped her tears with his coarse thumb, his touch more of a caress.

“I promise you I will protect you and your brother with my life,” his voice was deep and husky.

She met his gaze, his bronze eyes a whirlpool of sincerity, concern and longing. Calmness invaded her body. She believed he truly would give his life for her. He was an honorable man.

“Why would you do that?”

“Because I believe the gods have given me a second chance to atone for my past. I will not mess it up.”

“I do not understand,” she said.

Warm hands squeezed her shoulders. Gently he pulled her closer to him. Her body quaked. Not with terror but with anticipation.

“My betrothed died when a raiding party invaded her village in Umulari,” he spoke calmly. “She chose to kill herself rather than be raped or abducted as a slave. I should’ve taught her how to defend herself. My thoughtlessness cost her life.”

It suddenly made sense to her why he’d reacted so aggressively to her threat to kill herself last night. Anger welled in her stomach for Jide and the girl he lost because of the evil of men.

“It was not your fault,” she said.

“Perhaps. But I see so much of her in you, obele.” Little one.

“And I believe you are my second chance,” he continued.

“You mean…I’m…” For the first time she was truly unable to speak coherently. Her mind jumbled up, not believing his words. His use of an endearment.

He held her chin, caressing her skin with his thumb. His warmth suffused her skin. Tingles and awareness of him spread through her body.

“I believe we are here for a reason. Tell me why your brother’s life is in danger.”

It felt like boulders rolled off her shoulders. For the first time in her life, she felt safe. Secure. She could trust Jide with her life and her brother’s.

“My uncle has plans to destabilize the monarchy,” she said. “With the dissolution of the marriage between Prince Emeka and Princess Nonye, he thinks war is going to break out and he wants to put himself in a position where he can control power.”

“Who is your uncle?”

“Ichie Ude.”

“He is on the council of elders.” Lines creased Jide’s forehead.

“Yes,” she said. “That’s why he’s so dangerous. At first when he instructed me to spy on the royal family, I refused. Then he threatened to sell my brother into slavery. I told my mother but she died mysterious soon afterward. I became truly afraid that he would carry out his threat on my brother. Aham is the only one I have left. I swore on my life I would protect him.”

She broke down sobbing again. Warm arms enfolded her body and lifted her onto hard thighs. She relaxed her body against the warm firm cocoon of Jide as he rocked her body to tranquility.

“Why did you not report your uncle?” he asked, his voice filled with compassion.

“It is but my word against his. He is a respected member of the council of elders. I am just a servant in the palace. I do not care what happens to me as long as my brother’s life is spared.”

Cool fingers lifted her chin. Fiery eyes peered into hers with possessive intensity.

“Nothing will happen to you or your brother. I will protect both of you. Do you believe me?”

“Yes,” she said.

To prove her words, she lifted her hands, wrapped them around his neck and pulled his head down. Their lips melded together in a burning kiss.

***

The sun was high in the cloudless azure sky when they left Jide’s lodgings. The ruby clay earth scorched Oma’s bare feet.

She walked beside Jide, her wrists bound loosely. He’d suggested it as a ruse to trap her uncle. She’d accepted that his plan could work.

Yet now, her skin prickled with unease at being bound and unable to defend herself.

Earlier, their intense kiss and Jide’s overwhelming response had confirmed his words and her hopes—they were fated to be together. When he’d pulled away from her embrace and started making plans to snare her uncle, she’d been disappointed. Untouched as she was by other men, she craved physical contact with Jide. Desire inappropriate for a young unwed maiden.

He could’ve taken advantage of her forwardness. Still he remained honorable. Decent. A huge contrast to the fearsome uncaring man everyone thought he was.

Jide had also given her a dagger. It was strapped to her thigh, under her skirt within easy reach.

He’d shown her how to wield and stab with it to defend herself. Previously she’d observed the warrior training. In private, she would rehearse the moves he’d enacted.

However under his keen tutelage she’d quickly corrected the errors she’d made previously.

Now she was more confident handling the knife.

“Don’t let anyone see the weapon,” he warned before they entered the palace courtyard.

The penalty for a servant carrying a weapon was the whip and sometimes even death. Assassins had been known to infiltrate the palace as servants.

A knot tightened in her stomach, her nervousness increasing.

“Are you sure this is a good idea?” she muttered under her breath.

They’d initially agreed to confront her uncle at his home in the village. However, Jide had discovered that Ichie Ude was in the palace today visiting the prince. He’d changed his plans.

“It’s the best way to unveil the man’s treachery,” Jide replied.

His hand on her wrist tightened possessively as they walked past the guards. Oma kept her gaze forward and neutral. Her skin prickled from the watchful stares of the warriors.

In the chamber, she sighted her uncle sitting close to the prince who sat upon his throne, a man of strength and power. Perhaps Prince Emeka had lived through twenty five festivals. Yet he had an air of resolution and fairness. A guard stood alert behind him. Another waved a multi-colored fan, stirring and cooling the hot muggy late morning air.

“Why are you here, Jide?”

“My prince,” Jide knelt in deference, and then stood when Prince Emeka commanded it. “I discovered a spy in the palace last night.”

The prince’s lips twisted in displeasure. Ichie Ude sat straight in his chair.

Jide’s mouth was set in a grim line as he drew Oma forward.

Fear seeped into her stomach as Jide pushed her to kneel before the prince. His eyes remained locked on Emeka as though she didn’t exist.

Anxiety speared through her, her worry that he’d broken his promise increased. Perhaps he’d lied to her to get her to reveal the truth to him.

The memory of the kiss they’d exchanged this morning vibrated through her.

Oh gods, what have I done?

She stole another glance at Jide and found his expression to be as stony as a judge’s. A man bent on delivering justice.

The prince waved his hand. Two guards appeared and dragged her forward.

Jide didn’t react. His denunciation hurt worse than any physical pain she’d known.

“Maiden, what is your purpose for spying? Do you not fear the repercussions?”

The taste of betrayal soured her mouth preventing her from replying. She bit her cheek so hard she tasted blood.

“Take her to the holding pen while I determine her punishment,” Emeka pronounced. The guards dragged her out. Jide didn’t even look in her direction. “Well done, Jide.”

For a moment, she couldn’t breath as her chest tightened. Tears stung her eyes. Yet none dropped. Jide had used her for his own purposes. To curry favor with the prince.

Now she would become a prisoner with the possibility of death hanging over her.

As the men dragged her out, she saw the gleam of lust in their eyes as they made lurid statements. She was now fair game for them.

Remembering the knife strapped on her thigh, she closed her eyes briefly. She would fight them. Death was better than being violated.

In the holding pen, one of the men groped her bare breast.

“Get your hand off me,” she warned as she struggled to wrench her hands from the ropes.

“You are now the barrack whore and I will have you first,” the guard replied placing his other hand on the other breast.

Oma pulled again at the ropes that bound her hands.

“Guards, I want a moment with the maiden. Then you can have your fun.”

Oma recognized the owner of the voice as Ichie Ude and turned around to face him. The men released her immediately and backed away leaving her alone with her uncle.

***

Jide gritted his teeth to control the fury coursing through his body as he watched Ichie Ude excuse himself from the prince’s receiving chamber.

He couldn’t believe the man could remain reticent while watching his niece being dragged away. He hadn’t been expecting the man to openly confess his crimes. Yet, he’d expected to see some compassion at Oma’s predicament.

As Jide watched Oma being taken away, he’d struggled not to show any sign that she was of value to him. He didn’t want her uncle to detect any ploy.

She had the dagger. She could protect herself.

Yet the rush of possessiveness engulfed his sense of reasoning. His hand curled around the hilt of his machete as he waited for the chance to defend her. He needed to keep her safe, by his side.

“Are you in a hurry to depart?” the prince’s voice drew his attention back to his surroundings.

Jide hadn’t realized he’d taken a few steps backward. He was torn between going immediately to Oma and following his plan through to its conclusion.

“My prince, the maiden revealed that her sponsor is Ichie Ude,” he replied, choosing his words carefully.

“I cannot believe that. Ude is a respected member of the ruling council,” Emeka shook his head in disbelief.

Jide’s knuckles tightened on machete.

“He is also her uncle. He threatened to sell her little brother into slavery if she didn’t comply with his wishes.” He knew how much Emeka hated slavery and had worked on abolishing its practice from Umunri.

“This is serious. I must see her immediately.”

“I will bring her to you.” Jide sprang ready to see Oma again.

“No. I will come with you,” Emeka stood and walked toward him. He turned to the guard behind him. “Find Ichie Ude and bring him back to the palace.”

A noisy commotion erupted as they approached the holding pen. Jide quickened his pace.

Oma stood in the middle of the pen. In her hand she held the dagger he’d given her against Ude’s throat. Her eyes were wild. The guards surrounded her with their weapons raised.

Jide’s heart caught in his throat.

One of the guards swung his machete at Oma. Jide blocked the blow before it could hit her. The collision of metal echoed down his arm.

Oma shoved Ude to the floor. Jide dragged her behind him.

“You left me to their mercy,” her anger and hurt were evident in her voice.

“I told the prince about Ude. I was trying to unveil his treachery.”

He swung his machete at the next guard that attacked.

“You said you would protect me and my brother. My uncle said he would be sold tonight.”

His machete cut into the flesh of another guard as he defended another blow.

“I couldn’t do anything to risk your death. And now I’ve shed the blood of my own men. For you. What more do you want me to do?”

The warmth of her back pressed against him. She understood he’d put his life on the line for her sake. He could be put on the stocks and whipped for defending her.

Abruptly Oma left him. Distracted he was nearly sliced in two by a descending machete. He turned in time to deflect the blow.

Ude had picked up a machete and aimed it at the prince who had his back turned. Oma ran to him, burying her blade in Ude’s back. The man dropped to his knees.

“Cease fighting!” Prince Emeka lifted Ude’s machete and raised it above his head.

The men halted, machetes and spears poised mid-air.

“So it’s true, Ude! You committed treason,” Emeka said in a lowered voice filled with disgust.

Ude spluttered blood from his lips before collapsing on his face on the earth.

Jide lowered his weapon and moved to Oma’s side pulling her to him.

Emeka would sentence her to the lash of the whip for spying and carrying a weapon. The thought of watching her suffer was like a knife ripping his stomach. He couldn’t let it happen.

“My prince.” He dropped to his knees and lowered his head. “Let whatever judgment you pass upon Oma fall upon me instead.”

Oma knelt beside him, clinging onto his waist as her body trembled. Her skin became ashen. He wrapped his fingers around her nape, inhaling her scent perhaps for the last time.

“Even if the sentence is death?”

“I will gladly go in her place,” he replied before lowering his head again. “She has a younger brother to care for. I have no one.”

He gripped Oma as if he would never let her go.

“You cannot do this,” she whispered to him, her voice choked with emotion.

He grazed her soft cheek with his callused palm. He looked deep in her eyes telling her he had no regrets. He was doing as he promised, protecting her.

She seemed to have come to a resolution because she looked at him with serenity in her eyes.

“If he dies, I want to go with him.”

Worried, Jide opened his mouth to stop her. She placed her fingers against his lips, stopping him. “You will not be alone in this.”

Emeka who was watching them silently spoke.

“You are my most loyal guard. And would never defy me in haste or jest. As a man who has recently been blessed by the love of a woman, I understand how it can distort your view of life and push you to do things you never dreamed of.”

Jide raised his gaze to the prince.

“This maiden means a lot to you?”

Jide nodded. “She does.” When Oma looked into his eyes, he knew she saw the intensity of his feelings.

“For the life she took, she will pay by training with the warriors. I have never seen a woman with her skills with a knife. War is upon us and I would rather have people with her loyalty equipped to defend our Kingdom.”

Jide was stunned to speechlessness. Oma’s wide-eyed expression told him she felt the same way too.

“In return for saving my life, she is pardoned for her crimes. Rise, both of you.”

Jide remained kneeling and held onto Oma’s hand.

“My prince, since her uncle is no more. I would like to request that you grant us permission to wed.”

He smiled at Oma who lifted her lips in a returning glorious smile.

“Granted. But I want my two loyal warriors ready when it is time for battle.”

“You have it.” Jide nodded.

As the prince walked away, Jide lifted Oma into his arms and kissed her with a promise of more to come.





Biography

Kiru Taye is the award-winning author of His Treasure.

She writes historical, contemporary and paranormal romances. Her stories are sensual and steamy, her characters passionate and sassy and her settings atmospheric and exotic.

When she’s not writing, she’s reading, hanging out with family/friends or travelling. Born in Nigeria, she currently lives in the UK with husband and two children.

You reach her via her blog, Facebook, Twitter, Google+ or Pinterest

Follow her blog for latest news and giveaways: http://kirutayewrites.blogspot.com



Read book excerpts on her website: http://www.kirutaye.com



If you enjoyed this story why not catch up on her historical romance series:



His Treasure (Men of Valor series, #1) published by Breathless Press out now

His Strength (Men of Valor series, #2) published by Breathless Press out now

His Princess (Men of Valor series, #3) published by Breathless Press out now

Her Protector (Men of Valor series, #3.5)

Her Warrior (Men of Valor series, #4) coming soon.





