WHEELS OF STEEL

BOOK 2

Pepper Pace





Girl, you amaze me! Music has no color.

-Ho-Z





Copyright





© 2012 by Pepper Pace. All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of Pepper Pace.





Disclaimer

~***~





This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Any reference to music is in no attempt to claim ownership. All rights belong to the musical artists. This book contains graphic depictions of sexual acts and is intended for adults only. This book is part of a series and should be read in order.





COVER ART

Ho-Z Design

http://hozdesign.com/





ABOUT WHEELS OF STEEL





This story is more a journey than a book. I didn’t want to split it, however it was the size of 3 novels and therefore I really felt that it needed to be separated into 3 separate books. My intent is not to leave you with cliff-hangers, although that will probably be the case. These 3 books are NOT separate stories and should be read in chronological order. If you want to know more about WOS then refer to my blog where these characters are still living in continuing stories at: ttp://pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com/





PEPPER PACE BOOKS

~***~

STRANDED!

Love Intertwined Vol. 1

Juicy

Urban Vampire; The Turning

Urban Vampire; Creature of the Night

Wheels of Steel Book 1





Table of Contents

ABOUT WHEELS OF STEEL 7



Chapter 1 11



Chapter 2 16



Chapter 3 32



Chapter 4 44



Chapter 5 50



Chapter 6 57



Chapter 7 68



Chapter 8 75



Chapter 9 86



Chapter 10 96



Chapter 11 100



Chapter 12 108



Chapter 13 114



Chapter 14 123



Chapter 15 134



Chapter 16 140



Chapter 17 143



Chapter 18 162



Chapter 19 178



Chapter 20 196



Chapter 21 211



Chapter 22 236



Chapter 23 247



Chapter 24 261



Chapter 25 273



Chapter 26 289



Chapter 28 316



About the Author 328



Awards 329





WOS

Book 2

~***~





Chapter 1





Robin was lying in her bed. Patty had already left. Link had come by to pick her up just a few minutes ago. But before she left she had explained that Link hadn’t meant to be so rough.





“A couple years ago he had been to a college party with some friends. They had all driven together with one boy that had sworn he was okay to drive. He hadn’t been. Everyone had been killed except for Link. He was paralyzed from the waist down because no one had the guts to say no, you’re not okay to drive.” Robin watched her. “Just know that he cared enough to do that. Some wouldn’t put themselves out there like that.”





Robin sighed. “I understand.” She just felt bad that she had caused so many people to worry about her.





The next day her stomach still hurt too bad to do much more then to lay in bed. She mostly lay curled in a ball feeling miserable; a deep ache between her legs from the loss of her virginity, a throbbing headache that amplified every other ache and pain that she was experiencing. How could it be that she had lost her virginity and the respect of Jason in just one day?





With a sigh she decided to call her mother to tell her that she needed to call off church tomorrow.





“What’s wrong, honey?”





“I’m just coming down with something.”





“How about I come over and make you some soup?”





“Okay.” Damn, she knew she was feeling poorly if she didn’t even mind Mama coming over. Betty Mathena fussed over her like she had when she was a kid. Robin thought that if only her Mama knew that the root of Robin’s illness was based on the effects of drinking and sex, she definitely would not have received the primo attention. She made chicken noodle soup and then cleaned Robin’s dusty apartment. She did her grocery shopping and then folded her laundry. All of this was done while Robin dozed off and on throughout the day. Robin grimly checked her cell phone, but no call from Jason.





Later that evening the two sat at her little used dinette table and had soup and crusty French bread. Mama reached out and touched her forehead. “You don’t have a fever.”





“No.” Robin agreed. She was feeling better, but not well enough to spend two days in a row with her mother.





“So what made you cut off that beautiful hair?”





“Oh Mom…” She touched her head. “It wasn’t all that good looking before. I couldn’t do anything with it but pull it back. I think this is much better.”





“I don’t know why you didn’t grow it out and get it relaxed. Our family has always been blessed with good hair.”





She hadn’t been. Her hair was springy and not apt to lay down even if pressed with a hot comb. Why was Mama telling that lie? She didn’t need her hair processed if it fit the true definition of ‘good hair’.





“Mama, did you know that you were in love with Daddy from the first moment you set eyes on him?”





“No.” She laughed. “I hated that arrogant, cocky man!”





Robin gave her a surprised look. “Really?”





“Oh yeah. You’ve heard this story before, Robin.”





“Yeah; about how you two met, but I didn’t know how you felt about him.” Mom folded her hands on top of the table and had a thoughtful look on her face.





“Well, there must have been something there. Anyone who expends as much energy hating someone else has to acknowledge that there is an excess of passion. I believe that too much of any emotion is akin to love; disappointment, jealousy, hatred.”





“It all means attraction?”





“That’s what I think.”





“When did it change from hatred to love?”





“I don’t know if it was ever truly hatred…but, one day we were debating. I don’t even remember what it was. But I was so aggravated and he smiled and looked at me closely. I just…well I just felt warm.” Mama was smiling and her cheeks reddened.





“Is that when you knew that you loved him?”





“No.” She chuckled. “I spent a lot of time denying my feelings. I knew I loved your father with our first kiss.” Robin smiled. “And then I didn’t want to ever kiss another boy…and I never have.” Robin gave her mother a sad smile. Betty patted her hand and quickly stood. “Do you want something to drink? Iced tea?”





“No. I’m fine.” She twirled her spoon in her bowl. “Mama…do you ever think about falling in love with someone else?”





“Oh…” She poured Robin more tea, even though she hadn’t asked for any. “I-well I’m too old for that now.”





“Mom that’s crazy. You are only in your forties. You’re not even forty-five!”





Mama sat down with a sigh. “Oh I know…but what’s the point? Your father and I built our first home together, we made a child and raised her. Everything that I have accomplished is all tied in with your father. There seems no reason to try to…be with someone else.”





Robin blinked at her in surprise, thinking about Miss Lucille’s sad, lonely life. “But…there’s so much more. There’s trips to the Bahamas and…forty more Christmases and forty more Thanksgivings. Mom, you don’t really think it’s over yet, do you?”





Mama reached out and patted her hand. “You couldn’t understand. When you love someone and it ends—not because of mutual consent or because of infidelity, but because of some stupid stupid disease…well then, it’s like it’s still there; the love…it’s still there but with no one to point it to.”





***





“Why are you moping?” Jason’s mother asked. “You are so quiet. You’ve barely said five words since I’ve been here.” Jason stared at the computer screen where he was supposed to be doing homework. His mind kept replaying last night; his anger, his fear, even his lust.





He looked at his mother and tried to offer her a half smile. “I’m sorry. I just have a lot on my mind with school and stuff.”





“Do you want to talk about it?”





Jason shrugged. “Not much to talk about; just school stuff.” His mother shrugged as well.





“Jason…you and I used to be so close, son. What happened?” He looked at her.





“We’re still close, Mom. How many guys my age spend this much time with their mother once a week?” She smiled.





“True.” She reached out and ruffled his hair. “I love you, baby boy.”





“I know Mom. I love you, too.”





His mother only stayed until early in the afternoon. After lunch at a seafood restaurant, she returned home. Link had left him a message and he called him back on SKYPE.





“How’s Sweetheart?” His friend asked.





“I don’t know. I haven’t talked to her.”





“Look, I’m sorry if I came off a little too heavy last night.”





“I’m sure she’ll be okay, Link. It’s no biggie. And look, I want you to keep all of the money from the gig.”





“Don’t be stupid. You played half of the gig-”





“Yeah, but I left you in a lurch and besides…it’s not about money. I only played so that I could get Robin to come out. Little good that did…”





“Is she…an alcoholic or something?”





“I don’t know. I don’t know all that much about her.”





“Look…maybe you should…ask some more questions about her.” Jason shrugged.





“She gets nervous easy. But yeah…I do need to know more about her.”





“Do you want me to bring your braces and crutches?”





“Nah, can you just leave them in your van and I’ll get them Monday?”





“Sure. See you Monday.”





After his conversation with Link, Jason navigated to Yahoo. Robin’s icon was unlit. He left her a message.





~How are you feeling?~





***





Once Robin was alone in the house, she felt restless. She had been sleeping off and on all day and it was Saturday night. Her stomach still ached, but after eating the soup it wasn’t quite as bad. Since Mama had cleaned her house, done the shopping and finished the laundry there was nothing that she needed to do.





She picked up the laptop and carried it into her bedroom. She saw that Jason’s Icon was lit. He had left her a message; how are you doing?





She closed the lid on the laptop without responding.





Chapter 2





By the time Monday rolled around her stomach only held a dull ache and she had made herself a stern promise never to touch liquor again! She drove to Jason’s house still feeling like she’d made an idiot out of herself. She was embarrassed and a little hurt that he had yelled at her at the party. It had caused her to clam up. She wanted to explain but the words wouldn’t come. It really didn’t matter anymore. She’d made one big mistake after the other. She rang his bell nervously. He was in his wheelchair when he answered.





“Hello.” She said.





“Hi.” She came inside and placed her purse on the chair.





“My crutches are still in Link’s van.” He explained. “I was just having breakfast.” She followed him into the kitchen. He was eating a bowl of Cheerios and had already made coffee. She sat down.





“No coffee?” He asked.





“My stomach is still a bit queasy.”





“Yeah,” he ate and pretended to read the paper; at a loss for what to say to break the chill that had developed between them. He just didn’t understand why she had to go off with those guys. That’s what just didn’t make sense to him. It just had created unnecessary worry. She should have just stayed inside!





When he finished breakfast he went to the bathroom to brush his teeth and Robin finished with the dishes. Wow, he wasn’t even talking to her now. Did that mean that they were broke up? Normally they would have kissed by now. Jason’s friends surely thought she was a freak and now he did, too.





She just went about her duties wordlessly. They drove to school and listened to the radio without commenting on the music. She set up his computer with each class, wrote out his calculus problems, took out his books from his book bag and wheeled him from class to class; all with very little talking.





She followed him to the cafeteria and wished that he would just want to go outside to the courtyard so that she wouldn’t have to face these people that she’d made a fool out of herself in front of. But once they had gotten what they wanted to eat he wheeled straight for his usual table. There was the usual jovial welcome and then stiff and awkward greetings directed at her. She forced herself to eat her ham sandwich even though her stomach had gotten knotted up again.





Amberly was telling some guy about how good the ‘boys’ had played at the party Friday and Robin stiffened, wondering if she would mention her part in Friday’s fiasco. But she didn’t acknowledge Robin after a brief hello.





Patty got up from her place at the table and sat down on the other side of Robin. “How are you feeling?”





“Fine.” Patty saw that she had dark circles beneath her eyes.





“Dude, you want your braces and crutches from the van now or after school?” Link suddenly asked Jason.





“Now is good. I’m done eating.” He collected his trash and wordlessly placed it on the tray for Robin to get rid of. Link led them out of the cafeteria; Jason, Robin and Patty following him. Link kept up a steady stream of conversation which Patty punctuated with sarcasm or insults. Robin wondered why she did that if she liked Link so much.





Once at the van Link had them all climb inside so that Jason could take down his pants and put on the braces. Once in the van, Link discreetly ran his fingers along the back of Patty’s hand. Patty gave him a knowing look and Robin tried to pretend not to notice. She caught Jason watching her but he turned away quickly and worked on unbuttoning his pants.





“Want me to do it?” She asked.





“Sure.” She reached over and unbuttoned and unzipped him. He quickly pushed down his pants and while he strapped on one of the braces she strapped on the other. When she looked up Link and Patty were staring deeply and lovingly into each other’s eyes. She looked away uncomfortably.





“Okay, look you two!” Patty yelled. Robin jumped. “Get it out in the open right now. Nobody leaves this van until you two start talking!” She heard the distinct click as the locks engaged. Robin and Jason sat there quietly and avoided looking at each other.





Link cleared his throat. “I’ll start. Robin, I didn’t mean to seem pushy about the keys. I just…don’t want to ever have to lose anymore friends to drinking and driving.” Robin met his eyes.





“I understand. I’m…I’m sorry about making anybody worry.” Her eyes flitted to the window. No one said anything and then Jason grumbled.





“Robin?” After a moment she looked at him. “I know that I yelled at you and I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that. I’m sorry.” She nodded. Patty looked from one to the other of them and then rolled her eyes.





“Patty, stay out of it,” Link warned.





“Well they’re being stupid. Jason is still mad.” Robin peeked at him and saw by the tilt of his chin that, indeed, her words were correct. He was mad at her; specifically at her and not just at the fact that he hadn’t known where she had gone! She gave him a confused look.





“Robin,” he said in a tight voice that reminded her of when they had first gotten together. “Why did you let yourself get so drunk that you were puking on the ground and sitting in the street? I mean, if you know that you get drunk like that-”





“But I didn’t know!” She exclaimed. “I’ve taken a sip of my Dad’s beer before, but besides a glass of champagne on New Year’s Eve or a sip of my mother’s wine, I’ve never drank before!”





Patty raised her hand in confession. “I gave her a couple beers.” But she hadn’t known that she would not know how to hold her liquor.





Robin stared at Jason. “It seemed like the beer made everything nicer. So I tried the Hennessey and that made it even nicer. So I had another.” Jason frowned and Link’s mouth dropped. “I mixed it with Coca Cola and it tasted pretty good. But then I started getting drunk real fast.”





“Damn Robin.” Jason said.





“What?” She asked a little irritated. Patty smiled inwardly and looked at Link. Link shrugged slightly not sure why she wanted them to argue.





“I mean, I know you got this nervous condition but getting drunk and going off with some guys is not the answer!”





“Nervous condition? I don’t have SOME nervous condition. I just get nervous easy…that doesn’t mean I have a condition! I didn’t know I was going to get drunk and I didn’t GO OFF with those guys! I was just trying to help them get into the party-”





“But you didn’t even know them.”





“But…” She sighed and felt her throat tighten and her eyes sting. “When I was drinking it felt…like I did know them. It felt as if I was doing something good for friends.” She was breathing in deeply. “And then that guy at the door said he was going to call the cops so we left. I tried to call you Jason-!”





“But if I’m on the freaking stage how can I answer my phone?!”





“I don’t know!” She sat there for a moment. “I didn’t go with them. We just walked away from the house together. And then they wanted to take me home and I said no. I didn’t go so…” She looked at him. “Do you see what happened?”





“What I know is…I just don’t want you to drink anymore.”





“Well I don’t want to drink anymore.” She responded angrily.





“Fine.”





“Fine.”





Patty didn’t seem happy with the way things had ended. “Robin, what does he mean that you have a nervous condition?”





“Patty, stay out of this,” Link mumbled.





Robin took a deep breath and hoped that she would stop feeling like she was about to cry. “I guess…it’s just hard for me when I’m around people I don’t know.”





“Were you nervous Friday?” Patty asked with concern. Robin nodded. “Is that why you were vomiting blood?”





Robin’s head swung in her direction and she gave her an accusing look. “You promised…”





The muscles in Jason’s face seemed to slacken. “Robin? Baby, you’re vomiting blood?”





“I’m okay now…” She tried to stand up but the van was too low. She reached for the door handle but it wouldn’t open. Oh yeah, Patty wasn’t going to unlock it until they cleared the air. “Will you let me out, please?”





“You’re okay now? No more stomach pain?” Patty asked.





“No more stomach pain.” Robin said firmly.





Patty reached out calmly and poked her in the stomach. Robin yelped and doubled over in pain.





“Oh my god,” Jason said. He pulled her down to his lap. “Robin, baby, you got to go to the hospital!”





She tried to get up but Jason wouldn’t let her go. He gripped her tightly. “No! I’m okay. It goes away on its own! It only happens when I’m nervous.”





“How often do you have this pain?” He asked.





“I don’t know.” She was panting and couldn’t catch her breath. Her stomach was churning and she gripped her middle. “I just need some air…can you open the door, please Patty?” Jason nodded his consent and she released the locks and reached over and slid the door open.





When the door was open she instantly relaxed and the sweat stopped forming on her brow. She began to regulate her breathing. Jason was rocking her in his arms and kissing her face. “Sweetheart, I’m so sorry. I’m not mad at you. I’m just mad! I’m mad because I can’t fucking…” He groaned and she felt hot tears splash her arm. She looked up to see tears dripping down his cheeks. “I just want to be like everybody else.”





Patty rubbed her eyes and Link swallowed and felt tears forming in his own eyes. He stared out the window and Patty slid her hand into his. He looked at her and she mouthed the words; I love you. Link nodded and mouthed the words back to her. They leaned in and kissed.





Robin reached up and gripped him by the back of his neck. “Why can’t you see that you ARE just like everybody else? You have friends, and you’re smart, you have a talent, and YES you have some fucked up problems…just like the rest of us.” He smiled past his tears.





“I have a beautiful girlfriend that I love very much.” He murmured as he kissed her. She wrapped her arms around him. He put his hands on her cheek, pulling back enough to look steadily into her eyes. “Robin. I swear; I’ll never yell at you again; ever.”





“We gotta argue. Everybody does honey.”





“Not when it makes your stomach bleed. No! Never again.” The anger had returned to his voice. “You’re going to the doctor.”





“I can’t.” She said. “I don’t have any insurance since I left the restaurant.”





“You can go to University Hospital. If you can’t pay they will treat you for free.” Patty said.





“We can go now.” Link spoke. Patty nodded.





“What?! But you guys gotta go back to class.”





Jason was staring at her. “You got friends, Sweetheart.” Robin looked at the three of them. It felt strange; the weight that was gone from her chest. For the first time since her father died Robin didn’t feel afraid and alone.





She convinced them that she wouldn’t keel over if they waited until the end of classes, so they agreed not to skip out. Robin joked that they were just using her stomach as an excuse to get out of school and they all chuckled.





Jason kept watching her and asking her if she was okay when she lifted something or bent over. He wanted to have her ride on his wheelchair but she wouldn’t have it. After class Jason and Robin went to Emergency. Link and Patty said they’d join them in a couple hours. University Hospital was notorious for having long waits because it was a free hospital.





It did take a long time. Jason called Link to bring them dinner and they ate at nearly seven o’clock. Robin had seen a nurse that had taken her blood pressure and temperature and then she had sat for the next three and a half hours. She finally got called in to see a tired doctor who poked her, made her drink a foul tasting liquid and then took pictures of her belly. When he called her into the office forty-five minutes later he had a grim look on his face.





“Are you on pain therapy? For instance, for back pain?”





“No.” She gripped Jason’s hand.





“Do you take a lot of pain medicine like ibuprofen or aspirin?”





“No. Not a lot, just when I have a headache or something.”





“Hmmm…” Oh no, the infamous hmmm…





“It looks like you have a peptic ulcer; a rather large peptic ulcer, especially for a girl your age. You’ve been bleeding internally for a long time. Haven’t you noticed it, maybe in your stool or maybe you’ve been vomiting it?”





“I would have noticed a bloody stool. Sometimes it’s black, but never red.”





The doctor sighed. “That’s blood. It’s black because it comes from your upper intestine and has been digested.” Robin’s face felt hot. Bleeding internally?





“How long has it been like this, young lady?” She didn’t have to think long.





“On and off for about two years.” It started after her Dad died.





“What can you do to treat it?” Jason asked.





“Well, she needs to see a specialist. I’m going to refer you to a gastroenterologist. It’s free. He’ll need to find the cause of it and then treat it. Luckily you don’t have an infection…but you do have a big hole in your stomach and a lot of scar tissue.





“Oh…” And of course her belly began to churn. “A hole?”





The doctor nodded. “So in the mean time stay away from cigarettes, alcohol and if you have pain it’s okay to take over-the-counter Tylenol. I’m going to give you a supply of antacids. Take them twice a day, every day until the specialist says otherwise.”





The doctor gave them a folder filled with dietary tips, and brochures that had disgusting drawings of ulcerated stomach and intestines. She passed the folder to Jason and they went out to the waiting room to give Link and Patty the bad news.





“That’s gross.” Link said. Patty poked him with her elbow and when she did it uncovered a white package that she was trying to conceal.





“What’s that?” Jason asked. “You sick too?” Patty turned beet red.





“It’s birth control, if you have to know! And for your information, you two better get some too!” Robin’s face flamed. Jason cleared his throat. He peeked at Robin.





“Maybe we should,” he suggested. She nodded and then stood and walked awkwardly to speak to the receptionist. Jason and Robin didn’t get back to his place until close to ten o’clock. She followed him into the apartment and put away his things. She yawned tiredly, then bent down to kiss him goodnight.





“Stay, baby.”





“Huh?”





“Stay, tonight. We don’t have to do anything. But it’s been a long day and I want to hold you in my arms and to sleep with you.”





She closed her eyes settling against him. “Okay.” She was tired and couldn’t stop thinking how great it would be to snuggle into her boyfriend’s arms. Instead of heading for the bedroom Jason wheeled them to the computer. “I want to play something for you baby. It’s not long.”





“What is it?”





“It’s a song that I wrote about you.”





“About me?”





“Well…” He paused to look at her. “About how I feel about you. It’s called Sweetheart in Hamilton County.” She smiled in pleasure. The music began and it was like a lullaby. It was beautiful. She swallowed past the lump in her throat.





“Jason, I’m so…I can’t even find words. I never thought that I’d have such a talented boyfriend that would do such beautiful things for me.” She swallowed and took a deep breath and then began softly singing I Am Ready for Love by India Arie.





Jason was staring thoughtfully into her eyes. He barely blinked.





“That was India Arie-” She said nervously when she finished and there was just quiet.





“I know. It’s my favorite India Arie song.” He was very quiet; his muscles barely moved. She laid against him again, head buried in that sweet place that she loved; between his neck and shoulder.





“Will you…sing to me every night?” She lifted her head to look at him again.





“Yes. Every night.”





“Can you sing that Phoebe Snow song?” She smiled and then sang to him again.





She wasn’t as sleepy anymore and so they talked and kissed…more kissing than talking. “I’m going to take a shower, and you didn’t do your homework.”





“I can do my homework in calculus after I finish my problem.”





She gave him a doubtful look as she stood. “Are you sure?”





“Yep. Go shower, sweetheart. I’ll power down the computer and lock up.” Robin carried her purse to the bathroom. She had a travel toothbrush and toothpaste. She took her antacid and then showered. Afterwards she wrapped the towel around her body and padded to the bedroom. All of the lights were already turned off in the apartment except for the lamp on the bedside table in Jason’s bedroom. He was propped up in bed with his covers over his bottom half and nothing up top. She had to take a few moments to admire his chiseled body. Did he realize how impressive he looked? She wondered if he was completely nude beneath that cover as well. He just grinned at her; perhaps knowing what her thoughts were…perhaps having the same thoughts about her. He patted the bed beside him.





Robin took a deep breath and then lowered the towel, holding it behind her a moment before tossing it on the edge of the bed. She tried not to feel embarrassed as she felt Jason’s eyes scanning her nudity. There was no reason for her to feel embarrassed. His look made her feel beautiful; desired.





“Turn around,” he said, voice filled with awe. She turned slowly and heard him whistle.





“Damn…Baby got back!” She giggled and tried to cover her butt. Then she turned and hurried to the bed and dived in, lifting the sheet and concealing her body beneath it.





“Whoa…are you trying to give me a heart attack?” He chuckled. Her bouncing boobs would be fodder for a year’s worth of fantasies! He reached over and turned off the light, then scooted down in bed and opened his arms for her to lie down within them. She sighed and snuggled up against his warm, hard body.





“How does your stomach feel?” He asked hesitantly.





“Better.”





“Okay.” He was quiet for moment. She knew what he was thinking, or at least the tent forming in the bed covering was a good indication of his thoughts. She peeked up at him and saw that he was doing a good job of closing his eyes and trying to sleep.





“No good night kiss?” She asked. He opened his eyes quickly then turned and placed his lips on hers. Robin leaned into his kiss, not making it easy for him to part from her. His body felt so wonderful pressed against hers; and incidentally, he was as nude as she was. Having her breasts pressed against Jason’s nude flesh felt very decadent.





“So…” His fingers trailed down her arm causing her to shiver. “…no belly pain?” She felt his fingers move beneath the sheets to lightly graze her flesh above her belly button. She shivered.





“No.” She sighed into the kiss. “That antacid did wonders for me, not to mention the Tylenol. I’m…good as new.” Jason turned toward her and then stopped. He suddenly had a serious expression on his face.





“Robin…what we did the other day...”





“Yeah?” She asked breathlessly, waiting for him to stoke the fire that was already igniting her body.





“If we made a baby…” Her expression suddenly turned serious. “Please don’t…get rid of it.”





She was shocked at his words. “Oh my god, Jason, I would never do that!” She touched his face. Did he think she’d be so low down that she’d get rid of a baby they’d create just because of his Cerebral Palsy?





He gave her an apologetic look. “My father made my mother get an abortion when I was about ten years old. He said he didn’t want another handicapped kid like me. I heard them fighting about it.” Robin’s eyes widened. She was appalled! What type of man was Jason’s father to do such a thing; to even say a thing like that? “I’m not saying that I want to have a baby right now because I don’t; not right now. And we have birth control now so hopefully it won’t be an issue. I even grabbed some free condoms while you were getting the pill.” He reached past her and pulled open the drawer on the bedside table. He withdrew a handful of condoms and dropped them on the bed.





Robin’s lips turned up slightly and she grinned at the rain of prophylactics that fell on their legs. He touched her face and drew her attention back to him.





“But…if we already made a baby, I’d be very happy about it.”





She smiled at how sweet his words were. “I don’t want to think about having a baby right now, either. But if that happened I would definitely keep him. But Jason, we don’t have to worry about what happened last week. You pulled out-”





“Yeah, but that really doesn’t mean all that much; there is still precum.” She considered his words and hoped that they hadn’t created a baby. She didn’t want to be a mom right now when everything else in her life seemed so difficult. With Jason, she was now able to be a Robin that she wasn’t quite familiar with; a new Robin, and she liked this Robin a whole lot better than the old one. She wanted a lot more time to learn and grow before becoming someone’s parent.





She picked up one of the condoms. “Shall we?”





“You do it. Your hands move better than mine.” He propped the pillows against the headboard and leaned back with his arms behind his head watching her with a smirk.





“You want ME to do it?” Her pretty green eyes were big and nervous.





“Yes.” He was straight out grinning now. “My dick is your dick.” He pushed the covers down and his penis sprung free, bobbing for a moment before settling against his belly where the tip touched his belly button. This was the first opportunity that she had to actually look at his penis. That thing had gone inside of her??? Gosh it was big; but she thought it was beautiful—long and thick and lined with veins. It reminded her of a sculpture. It was perfect. She finally reached out and touched the downy, rust colored hair on his testicles. His penis flinched; moved towards her hand and she jumped. Her eyes met him but he had a straight face.





She reached out and a second before her finger would have made contact with his shaft it again lurched toward her hand. This time she yelped and yanked her hand back. Jason laughed.





She glared at him and then broke out in laughter. “How do you do that?!” He made his dick dance around and then he suddenly planted his hands on the bed and tried to catch his breath.





“Robin…” His eyes began to blink rapidly. The smile fell off her face. Seizure. His head went back, missing the pillows and hitting the headboard with a sound ‘THUNK’. She pulled him quickly to the side, his body now lying at an odd angle but at least he was not in any risk bashing his head again.





His hands kept pushing; at her at the bed as his body grew taut. Then suddenly his body began jerking violently. Muffled grunts issued from his throat as his teeth clenched and his eyes rolled to the top of his head. Robin placed her hands on each side of his face.





“Jason. Jason, I’m here.” She stroked his temple. “Come on baby, breath. Breath, Jason!” She hated this part; his face turning purple and his body trembling or jerking as if he was suffocating. When is he going to breath??? Please please breathe…





And then suddenly his body seemed to collapse and he sucked in a ragged breath. His hands were still fists and Robin rubbed his inner wrists until his hands eventually unclenched.





After a short moment she heard him speak. “I’m sorry…” His eyes were still closed. She reached back up to cup his face and to smooth his brows with her thumbs.





“Don’t. You don’t have to apologize for this thing that you can’t help.” He opened his eyes slowly and then slowly pushed himself into a comfortable position. She could see that he was exhausted.





“Honey, you need to sleep.” She said reluctantly. They could…explore sex the next day. Her body pulsated and throbbed in an erotic way but she lay down next to him trying to figure out how she would sleep when her body wanted to explode in pleasure. Jason suddenly gripped her wrist and tugged her hand down to his groin where he placed it firmly on his dick. It was hard as hard could be, and if it was possible, Robin would have sworn that it had gotten bigger.





“Sleep is the last thing I want to do. Touch me Robin, now that I’m lucid and not apt to get all spazzy.” Her hand automatically gripped him at the same time that her mouth wanted to tell him that it was late and that they should sleep. But Jason had waited so long to be with her. Even angry with her over the weekend, it was still an anger that was laced with need for her. The memory of being buried inside of her was all that his mind could think of right now. He wanted her so bad that there was no way that he could just close his eyes and go to sleep; that moment had long passed!





Robin felt a jolt of pleasure cause her body to tremor and her mouth to go dry. Her hand moved up and down his shaft as if her hand was disconnected from her and had a life of its own.





Jason held his breath. “Slower,” he groaned. God, he was going to cum if she didn’t put on the condom. “Robin the condom,” he said urgently. She stopped what she was doing and picked up one of the condoms, ripping the package open with her teeth. She removed the rubber and placed it on the tip of his penis. She knew what she was doing and he gave her a surprised look.





She began pushing it down but it was not unrolling easily. He jerked when the rubber pinched a bit of his flesh. He reached down and tried to roll it down his shaft. It was too tight. He pulled it off by the reservoir tip and tossed it. He winced, that had hurt.





“That one was too little. See if there is a bigger one.”





“I think they’re one size fits all.” She said as she searched for some type of size chart on each of the condoms. She finally gave him a helpless look. “Jason…I don’t think they have one here that will fit you.” Her fingers couldn’t close around the base of him. That fact was neither normal nor abnormal. Until Jason’s, the only penis’ she was familiar with was the ‘well hung’ guys on the computer. Robin thought that this is the way all penis’ were built when they got hard. It wasn’t until the very moment that the condom wouldn’t go on that she really understood. He had a very big penis—and he had put the entire thing inside of her!





Jason seemed to be quietly contemplating this as well. He knew that he didn’t have a little dick, but how was he to really gauge his dick against the average guy’s when his only basis for comparison was porn?





Jason quietly scooped up the condoms and placed them on the bedside table to dispose of later in a manner that would assure that his mother would never locate them. He then gave Robin a hungry look. She frowned curiously.





“Come here.” He practically growled.





“We’re not going to-?”





“No.” He kissed her. “There are other things…” She remembered his tongue and lips gliding along the sensitive flesh between her thighs and she felt her skin begin to goose pimple. Jason’s hands moved to her breast. Oh…her lovely brown flesh peaked by darkened nipples. His head bent to capture and gently tug at one of them as he drew it hungrily into his mouth.





Her hands found their way to his hair where she cupped his head, holding him in place. His gentle attention reminded her of a kitten that delicately lapped at a bowl of milk, but then he would tug and draw her in insistently, which would elicit a gasp of pleasure from her lips. Jason’s hand moved up her thigh and then crept between them.





Robin leaned back against the bed breathlessly. Was there some type of line that traveled from your nipples directly to your clitoris? She felt as if he nudged her there each time his tongue circled her nipple.





He moved to her other breast and as she bit back her moan she wondered if a person could orgasm just from having their nipples sucked. When she didn’t think that that she could experience anymore pleasure without exploding, she felt Jason’s fingers part her lower lips and his fingers stroke her wet, swollen flesh.





Her mouth opened and her breath came in pants as her head flew back. She felt Jason’s mouth release her breast in order to lightly kiss along her neck and behind her ear until he had kissed a path to her mouth. He didn’t seem to care that her mouth was wide opened like a carp and that she was panting and gasping as his fingers stroked her.





“Jason…” She cried out breathlessly. His response was to rub her gently and repeatedly. Robin thrust her tongue into his mouth. He captured it quickly and she took a moment to smile against his lips. She tried to find his tongue which he offered to her and she sucked it hard. He held it there while she sucked his tongue and Jason’s body jerked while groaning into her mouth. She loved that she could cause him to make that sound so she reached down and gently gripped his penis.





Jason felt his body react to the grip that Robin had on him, but it was as if from a long way off. He was in two places at once; he was in Nirvana having his tongue sucked, and then suddenly experiencing heaven as she began to stroke his dick.





The sensations suddenly came crashing together and Jason had to quicken his stroking fingers between her legs. He had to. His body told him that he would cum and he needed for her to cum too. This was not a coherent thought. Right now Jason was acting on pure instinct; making his fingers move gently so that he could stroke her wet pussy; stroke her…stroke her…





Robin’s very flesh seemed amped; no longer flesh but pure nerve endings. She felt the very hairs standing up against her pores and her belly began to tremor each time his strong forearms brushed her there as he reached between her legs. She was aware that her breath was coming out in harsh gasps and each gasp brought her closer to something big. Jason’s fingers between her legs began to probe her opening, slipping easily inside of her and she cried out, her hand squeezed his shaft. She didn’t realize that her strokes had quicken and become almost violent, pulling him closer to his eventual orgasm.





Jason pushed his face against her ear, his eyes tightly clenched, his body so tightly restrained that he felt like a taut wire ready to break. His fingers moved quickly, insistently yet gently in and out of her and around her clit, just as her hands moved quickly up and down his shaft, his precum the lubricant that allowing her fist to glide easily along his flesh.





“Please baby…” He begged. “Cum, please cum,” and then she knew in his voice that he was holding, waiting for her and the dam—that last trigger finally broke in her and Robin’s body jerked and spasmed and she called out loudly.





Jason heard her wail and his voice joined hers as his body finally allowed his own release. His hips pumped against her side and into her fist; simulating the act that was intuitive to them both. Even Robin’s hips rhythmically pumped against Jason’s strong hand as her opening clenched and released around his rapidly moving fingers.





Jason’s body seized and spasmed but he enjoyed it; this time he could examine every sensation that his muscles went through as they stretched and pulled. Then semen shot from his body and with a yelp of pleasure or pain or something new that was a mixture of both, it landed across her thigh.





“Ohhhh!” He groaned, his cum splashing her leg.





Robin thought her heart would explode until the pressure of her climax finally released it amidst shakes and trembles. Even though the pleasure was incredible, instinctively she knew that there was more; something bigger that only Jason’s penis inside of her would release. There was something else lurking there waiting…





When the two lover’s bodies had come down from their passion filled high, Jason sat up. Robin stopped him sleepily. “No baby. I’ll clean us this time. I have to use the bathroom anyways.” She dragged herself out of bed, stooping long enough to pick up the condom that Jason had yanked off and tossed to the floor. She padded to the bathroom where she tossed it into the trash and then she grabbed toilet paper and wiped Jason’s semen from her leg. She examined the cold sticky fluid, testing the texture between her fingertips before she quickly sat down and peed. Afterwards she grabbed her wash cloth from the shower and cleaned herself with warm water before rinsing the cloth and hanging it on the side of the tub. She grabbed more tissue to clean Jason. But when she returned to the bedroom he was already sound asleep, his dick resting across his thigh like a fat sausage.





Robin stood by the bed and watched him; tousled hair and limbs spread, the bed sheets crumpled between his legs. He looked like a man that had worked very hard and now needed to sleep hard. She climbed into the bed and carefully cleaned the congealing semen from his dick. It was limp now but not quite soft. She tossed the tissue onto the bedside table for later disposal and adjusted the sheets to cover the wet spot. Jason was watching her quietly. She almost jumped when she saw his green eyes following her every move.





“Thank you, Sweetheart.” He said with a satisfied smile. Somehow she didn’t think he was referring to her offer to clean them. She snuggled back into his waiting arms and yawned.





“You’re welcome.”





Chapter 3





When the alarm rang an impossibly short time later, Jason carefully reached over to turn it off. He wanted Robin to get another hour sleep. He was used to waking up very early so that he could get a bath and get dressed which tended to take a long time. He wanted to linger in bed and kiss her cheek but knew that it would just lead to his dick becoming hard and then things would never get done. So he climbed out of bed and into his waiting wheelchair.





He went into the living room first and powered up the computer so that music was playing quietly throughout the apartment. He started each day with music and it was generally the last thing he heard each night before falling asleep. Then he quickly wiped the tub clean and ran a shallow bath. After he was cleaned with his hair washed, he brushed his teeth while still in the tub…it was just much neater that way. Then he placed a towel in his chair and grabbed another which he used to dry off.





He wheeled naked into the darkened bedroom; the only light streaming in from the slats of the drawn blinds as the sun rose. He dressed quickly in fresh boxers and then worked his feet into his jeans. Before pulling them up he strapped on his braces and then stood, using the wall and dresser as support. Once his pants were pulled up he searched for an acceptable shirt and then pulled on white athletic socks. Lastly he laced up his Nike’s and touched the stubble on his chin. He considered brushing his hair while it was still wet where he could work the knots out easily and then dismissed it as too much trouble.





He hurried into the living room and put on Robin’s song; the special one that he’d just made for her and then wheeled back into the bedroom to wake her with gentle kisses to her eyelids. She jumped a little but smiled at the proximity of his face to hers. He tried to kiss her lips but she covered her mouth.





“Morning breath,” she murmured. Then she slipped out of his arms and hurried to the bathroom where she quickly peed and then brushed her teeth. When she returned to the bedroom Jason was still lolling on the bed waiting for her. She stood there looking down at him; naked but not as self conscious as she once was. He watched her with appreciation.





“Stand up.” She said. He slid to the end of the bed and she gave him her hand which he used to pull himself up into a standing position. When he was able to look down at her he pulled her into his arms, wobbling just a little. She held him until he was steady. His hands cupped her ass and rubbed her before he leaned forward to kiss her.





“Good morning.” He said between kisses. “How’d you sleep?”





“Like a baby.” She held him against her nude body feeling decadent being naked while he was dressed. “I got to get dressed!” She exclaimed. He nodded slowly.





“I need to have a seizure. Just help me sit down.”





Her heart jumped at his almost casual words, but she did as he asked, lowering him to the bed, trying to feel as neutral about it as he sounded. Once he was back onto the bed he lay on his back and stretched out almost leisurely. His body then eased into the seizure quietly; as if by agreement that if he didn’t fight it, then it would be as un-evasive as possible. She collected her clothing while keeping one eye on him and jumped when she heard his quiet laughter. It got louder and she walked over to the bed and stared at him, her cloths still bunched in her arms.





He chuckled, his lips curled up into a pleased smile. He just lay there, eyes closed and chuckling. When they finally opened he noted that Robin was in her panties and bra and slipping her shirt over her head. The world continued even when time stopped for him. The last thing he remembered seeing was her beautiful nude body standing over him and now she was sitting on the edge of the bed partially dressed and watching him.





“I don’t know if I’ll ever get used to that chuckling seizure.”





He was still smiling. “I know, it’s strange. Not sure why I do it.” He sat up. “Coffee? Because I can sure use it.” He still hadn’t completely revived from the tiresome seizure. But she knew that he would shortly and when it happened he’d be like a freshly charged battery.





“Ok, I’ll meet you in the kitchen. Do you want your crutches?” He did and after she got them she got the water going for the coffee. She only made enough for him, she didn’t want to take a chance that her stomach would start hurting again. When he appeared in the kitchen he was holding the newspaper and she stopped him before he could reach for the Cheerios.





“Okay, Babe…really. Enough with the Cheerios.”





“Cheerio Nazi,” he scowled playfully.





“I’ll make you eggs.”





“Mmm, sounds good.” He leaned against the counter and watched her scramble half a dozen eggs and then make toast. They ate and shared the newspaper, gave each other furtive looks and then made-out. Afterwards they hurried to school.





At lunch as they made their way to the cafeteria they saw Patty and Link waiting at the entrance. Robin greeted them with a broad smile. It felt good to see them. After last night it seemed that she could really think of the two as her friends and not just Jason’s.





“Come on!” Patty said happily.





“’Come on’ where?” Jason asked.





“We’re going out for lunch!” Link responded while looking around. “Come on before everybody sees us and wants to crash!” They quickly followed him out of the building. Patty nudged Robin. “How are you feeling?”





“Good.” She nodded. And it was the truth. She didn’t think that she had ever felt better.





“Are you sure? You’re not just saying that are you?” Patty asked.





Robin nodded seriously. “I promise.” Her stomach pain was notorious for appearing and then disappearing without a trace. The four friends loaded into the van and Link drove a short ways to a little used section of the college. Robin looked around curiously. She didn’t see any restaurants.





Link parked and then pushed his seat back. Patty unbuckled her seatbelt and climbed into Link’s lap.





Jason and Robin stared at each other in alarm. “Uh…” Jason began. Link broke his kiss with Patty to look at them. He winked. “We got half an hour so if you two don’t want to spend it making out, don’t mess it up for us.”





Jason drummed his fingers along his knees self consciously. Robin wasn’t a public kissing type person and she tried to look at anything but Link and Patty. But soon neither of them could stop thinking about last night…and they hadn’t spent any real time yet today kissing. Besides it was only Patty and Link. And for Robin her body still hummed with an undercurrent that wouldn’t quite go away; it was the feeling of wanting to know what other pleasure was hidden within her.





Jason looked at her and Robin slipped onto his lap, her arms going around his neck. Jason sighed, his arms went around her hips and for the next few minutes neither Robin nor Jason thought about anyone or anything else but each other.





When they returned to school there was an unspoken understanding that this was probably not going to be the last time the group would ‘go out for lunch’.





Later that afternoon when the two were back at Jason’s apartment she only stayed long enough to drop him off and to put away his things. She realized that if she stayed they would accomplish nothing but making out. And she didn’t want to be a distraction to things that he needed to do; like homework and music making. Besides she had things that she needed to take care of, as well. She hadn’t kept her promise to visit Miss Lucille and she was not going to let another day pass without doing it.





Before she left Jason made her promise that when she returned later in the evening, she would have an overnight bag packed in her trunk in case she ever wanted to spend the night again—which is something he hoped would be a regular occurrence. He had loved waking up and seeing her there and feeling her in his arms as he slept. But he didn’t want to push things too fast.





Once Robin was gone, he did homework and when he thought that Link would be home he called his friend using his cell instead of skype. He didn’t really want a webcam hookup while he asked his best friend the questions that he was curious about.





Link answered the phone gruffly.





“Uh…busy?” Jason asked.





“What do you think?” He responded.





“Oh. Well I’ll call you back later.”





“Too late, I’m already talking to you. Besides I’ll be doing the same thing later so spit it out, son.”





“Um…” Fuck! He sure knew how to make it hard to broach a subject. “Did you happen to grab any of those condoms from the hospital?”





“Yeah. Why? They don’t have holes in them, do they?!” Link was already cursing up a storm.





“No. No. Nothing like that.” He felt his face turning red. “Were they…how did they fit?”





“Good. Why?”





“Well I couldn’t get any of them on my dick.”





“Well tell Robin to put it on for you-”





“No no no, that’s not it. My…you know, dick, is too big for the condoms.”





There was silence coming from the other end of the line.





“Man…are you pulling my leg?”





“No.” Jason wiped his brow. God was it ever hot in here!





“Jason, hold on.” There was silence as the phone went mute. He figured that he had gotten out of bed and was going someplace private. Good, he didn’t want Patty hearing this conversation. About two minutes later the phone unmuted. “Okay, I’m back. I definitely don’t want Patty hearing what we’re talking about. So, exactly how big is your dick? And by the way, I feel very gay saying that.”





Jason looked up and considered the question. “I don’t know. Like a water bottle.”





“A water bottle!”





“Yeah a little one, you know?”





“And how long?”





“About the same, maybe a little longer.”





There was a long silence. “I hate you right now. Dude I know that you and Robin already did it and that she was a virgin but…how did she react with that dick in her?”





“Uh…I think she was crying.”





“Oh my god. Tell me you didn’t put the entire thing in her?” Okay there was something so wrong about talking about this but Link was not a virgin and who else did he have to talk to?





“Yeah. I shouldn’t have?”





“Top, a good indication that your dick might be too big is when your chick starts crying.” Jason felt horrible, sick.





“I just thought it was the virginity thing, you know?”





“Well I’m sure that it was a factor. Now, I’m not an authority but I don’t think most girls cry.” Jason palmed his face.





“Fuck, what do I do?”





“Don’t put your entire dick in her!”





He frowned. “Okay.” Just put half his dick in? What?





“At least until her body can adjust to your size. So your dick is the size of a water bottle???” Link asked incredulously. “Never mind, just do a lot of foreplay and when she’s really hot then slip it in, you know; sneak attack.”





Jason nodded. “Okay, yeah…but is it supposed to hurt?”





“Hell yeah with a dick that big it will probably hurt her for a while-”





“No, not her but me?” Now he was really blushing.





“What do you mean?”





“Well it was like…fucking a rock.”





“Fucking a rock? Have you ever fucked a rock, Top?”





“No.”





“Okay, me either…so not quite sure how that should feel. Look, it does hurt a little.” There was a long sigh. “Okay, look, I gotta go but tomorrow I’m bringing you some magnum condoms. Did I tell you that I hate you? Just don’t be tempted to do anything without protection.”





Jason nodded feeling every bit of only 19 years old. “Okay. Thanks Link.”





“No problem.” His friend sighed. “Omicron is having a Halloween party next week and another house party Friday. They want us on a regular basis. What do you think?” Jason’s thoughts went instantly to Robin. He wasn’t sure…





“I’ll let you know tomorrow.”





“Alright. See you tomorrow.” The phone went dead. Jason buried his head in his hands. He felt so bad. He hoped that he hadn’t done something that had turned Robin’s first time into a nightmare. Weren’t girls supposed to look back on their first time as something wonderful and great? He would have to make it up to her.





***

Robin pulled up into the parking lot of a high rise condo. It looked very nice from the outside. Some old people were sitting in chairs out front and when Robin reached the lobby she saw that a few other old people were sitting in comfortable chairs and couches or heading in and out of a little restaurant which was the source of an aroma of good home cooking.





Yes, this did look like a nice place. Robin went to the front desk, clutching a small sack of muffins, and spoke to a professional looking man indicating who she wanted to visit. The man phoned a nurse who said she’d come down to escort Robin to Mrs. Babb’s room. While she waited she peeked into the restaurant and saw a buffet style set up and saw that the residents ate theer for free but they also had people come in from outside who paid to eat.





“Are you here to visit Mrs. Babb?” Robin spun to face a tall thin woman. She smiled and nodded. “I’ll escort you to her room.” They reached elevators and the woman pressed 6. “Her breathing hasn’t been good so she’s been restricted to bed rest. Most of our residents enjoy receiving visitors in the lobby.”





“Okay.” Robin responded not sure if the woman was telling her that she would not normally be allowed upstairs.





Once the elevator stopped the woman, who was dressed in a nurse’s pants and shirt, led her to room 614. She knocked once and then used a key to open the door. The condo was nicely decorated; small and neat. As Robin’s eyes scanned the room she had the distinct impression that Miss Lucille had never even used the room. After all, for several months, she had spent five days a week with the elderly woman and knew her habits. There was a nice chair for her to sit in but the television wasn’t positioned right as the chair faced the window instead. And where was the vcr/dvd that would play her evangelism recordings?





“You’ll have to come into the bedroom to visit her.” The nurse led her into a small, cool bedroom where Miss Lucille was sleeping. Robin blinked. Why was she still in bed this late in the afternoon?





“Mrs. Babb.” The woman said loudly. “You have company, dear.” Miss Lucille’s eyes opened and appeared blurred and unfocused. Robin felt bad that she had been awakened but also felt that maybe someone should have done this hours ago.





“It’s close to dinner. I’ll bring it up if you want to sit with her.”





“Is she okay?” Robin asked in concern. She had assumed that being released from the hospital meant that she was doing better, not worse.





“The pneumonia weakened her.” And that’s all the woman would say. She turned and left the room.





Robin plastered a big smile on her face and returned to the elderly woman’s bed. “Hello, Miss Lucille.” The woman looked at her with rheumy, watery eyes that seemed to have trouble focusing. It was only just a few short weeks ago that this very same woman was sharp and focused.





“It’s Robin. How are you feeling?”





“Robin?” The woman croaked. It was as if she hadn’t used her voice in days.





Robin reached out and took her hand. “Yes ma’ame. It’s me. I told you I’d come and visit you.” Miss Lucille tried to sit up in bed and Robin quickly found the controls and lifted the bed slightly. She plumped the pillows. She seemed so weak and frail. Robin didn’t even think that she could have made it out to the living room in the condition that she was currently in.





Robin quickly brought a chair over to the bed and reached for the elderly lady’s hand again. This time Miss Lucille was smiling.





“Robin. You came to visit.”





“I brought you muffins. We can eat them after dinner if you like.”





She stared off into the distance for a moment. “Robin came by, you know. She brought me the most wonderful muffins. We sat in played cards…” The woman wheezed and coughed a wet sounding, nasty thing, but nothing came up, it just rattled in her chest. Robin felt hot and cold as she realized that Miss Lucille was already creating a fantasy about her visit today. She felt sad that she hadn’t come earlier.





The door opened then and the nurse returned holding a small covered tray. She placed it on a rolling table and positioned it in front of Miss Lucille.





“Would it be okay if I feed her?” Robin asked. “I’d like to spend some time with her.” What she didn’t add was that she wanted time ALONE with her.





“Certainly. Just ring this buzzer if you need anything.” She turned to Miss Lucille and talked in a loud voice. “I’m going to leave you with your friend now, Miss Babb. I’ll be back later.” Miss Lucille did not even acknowledge the woman who disappeared right after.





Robin lifted the lid from the tray and saw that Miss Lucille was on a liquid diet. There was broth and jello, as well as a cup of lukewarm tea with sweetener. Robin carefully offered her a spoon of broth which Miss Lucille accepted absently. Between bites of food, the elderly woman talked about her visitors which included her son, grandkids, Robin and the lady from her mysterious bridge club.





After dinner Robin asked Miss Lucille if she needed to use the bathroom. She seemed to think for a while.





“I don’t remember…” Robin pulled the sheets down from the bed and was immediately hit with a bad odor. Miss Lucille was wearing an adult diaper which was in need of changing.





“Miss Lucille…when was the last time you had a bath?”





She seemed confused. “I don’t know.” Robin covered her and checked the I.V. that was set in the back of her other hand. They were giving her some type of pain medicine along with the fluids; it was the only explanation for why she was suddenly so out of it.





Robin went about the room locating a fresh gown, another adult diaper and a basin that she promptly filled with warm water from the adjourning bathroom. This, too, seemed to have never been used. Robin found a wash cloth, towels and a bar of soap and then set up the things on the table that had held the food.





“Miss Lucille, I’m going to wash you, okay? You’ll feel better after that.”





“Yes.”





Robin gently stroked the older woman’s white hair. There was one braid that had apparently been in place for days if not longer. Robin gently undid the tangled braid and finger combed her hair before placing a towel beneath her head. She didn’t know how one was supposed to wash a person’s hair from bed but figured it had to go into the basin so this is what she did. She used the wash cloth to gently stroke Miss Lucille’s wet hair and used the bar of soap instead of shampoo. Miss Lucille closed her eyes and seemed to enjoy the feel of Robin’s gentle hands in her hair.





Once she felt her hair was clean, Robin gently dried it with the towel and located her own comb from her purse and combed her hair working out any knots. Then she placed a neat braid in the woman’s hair and dumped the basin of water, replacing it with fresh water.





She used the controls to sit the bed straight up and she lowered the top of the woman’s gown and thoroughly washed her limbs and upper body. She was alarmed at how much weight Miss Lucille had lost. She had already been very thin, but now she was emaciated. Robin put on a fresh gown and then lowered the bed. She found a fresh, clean sheet and covered her upper body with it and then removed the covering from her lower body.





The odor coming from her body was unpleasant.





“How is your son, doing?” Robin asked even though they had spent much of their visit talking about him.





“He’s so busy-” and she explained about all of his demanding patients while Robin got rid of the diaper. She cleaned her. Miss Lucille’s legs were bent slightly at the knees and when Robin tried to part them the older woman winced.





“Did I hurt you?” She asked apologetically.





“Sore.” Was the response she received.





Robin gently tried to straighten her limbs and part her legs and when they were finally spread Robin looked up and met the elderly woman’s eyes.





“I’m sorry.” Miss Lucille whispered. “I tried to take a bath but I was too tired...It’s pretty bad I know.”





Robin smiled. “Nothing that a good washing won’t fix.” She lied. In the creases where her thighs met her pelvis were sores that were bloody and raw. The smell was worse than Mr. Baker’s and she felt suddenly ashamed that she had treated that man as disdainfully as someone had apparently treated Miss Lucille. She washed the elderly woman three times before the smell faded. She changed the basin with each washing. When she turned the older woman onto her side to get her backside she saw more sores, even worse. Each time Robin went into the bathroom to change out the water she cried. And then she straightened her face, plastered on a smile and went back out to wash her more.





By the time Miss Lucille was fresh and clean, Robin was exhausted. She changed the sheets, being careful to roll the woman gently to her side so that she could get the fresh ones beneath her. And then she lowered her gown, smoothing it into place. Miss Lucille was dozing and Robin looked around the small, neat room. There was no television in the bedroom. She went to the living room and unplugged the small appliance and placed it on the dresser. There was no cable line so Robin turned it to a local channel where the news was currently broadcasting. She found the remote control and placed it beneath the sleeping woman’s hand.





“I’ll come back.” She said, not sure if Miss Lucille had heard her. She smoothed her hair, reluctant to leave. But it was getting late and she needed to get to Jason. Before her visit with the Miss Lucille she had gone home and bathed, changed and packed a small bag which she would leave in her trunk. Now she was happy that she had done that. Robin picked up the uneaten sack of muffins and placed them back on the table so that Miss Lucille wouldn’t miss them. Maybe they would let her eat one.





After a long time of just standing there doing nothing Robin finally left. She went down the elevator and walked to the front desk.





“I need to see that nurse.” He rang for the woman that had led Robin to Miss Lucille’s room. She was coming from outside where Robin saw her squashing out a cigarette before entering the lobby.





“Are you finished with your visit?” She asked pleasantly.





“For now.” Robin said shortly. “I had to give her a bath.” The nurse’s mouth opened and closed. Her eyes wouldn’t meet Robin’s. “And I had to change her diaper….and her sheets. She was filthy! Her hair hasn’t been washed in weeks-”





The nurse’s nice mask finally slid free and she gave Robin a cold look. “With all due respect, you’re not family-”





“You don’t know what I am.” Robin said calmly. “What you need to concern yourself with is the bed sores that’s between her legs and on her backside.”





“We’re aware of those and have been treating her-”





“Not when she is laying in her own filth!” Several people turned to look at them and the man from the front desk came over to them.





“Is there a problem?” Robin just watched the nurse who finally just lowered her eyes.





“I’ll take care of that.” The woman said discreetly.





“Please do, before my next visit.” Robin turned and walked away without another word. She was seething, shaking. Pinnacle might be assholes, but the aids had taken care of Miss Lucille, much better than this place had!





Chapter 4





When Robin arrived at Jason’s, even the idea of seeing him couldn’t elevate her spirits. She was tired and wanted to crawl into her bed, cover her head with her pillow and fall into a deep, empty sleep. She wanted to cry and she wanted to fight someone. But then Jason opened the door wearing a big smile on his face and standing on his crutches. Even in her funk she couldn’t help but to return his smile.





“We really have to get you a key, Sweetheart.” She closed the door behind her and gave him a kiss, lingering into it. He hugged her and she sighed, leaning her head against his chest.





“I’m tired and hungry. Let’s think about dinner so that I can sit down and rest.”





He pulled back and looked at her. “What have you been up to?”





“Oh…I’m too tired to explain right now. I’ll tell you in a minute.” She was really mentally and physically exhausted. He gestured with his head to the reclining chair. “Sit down, Sweetheart. We can just order something for dinner.”





“Are you sure?” She sank into the comfortable chair and felt the tension ease out of her body.





“Yep.” He walked to the kitchen for several menus. “Hmmm, pizza…we got pizza, and guess what; pizza!”





She smiled. “How about…pizza?”





“Good choice.” He named several pizza restaurants and she chose one that she knew served chef salads. Jason quickly placed the order and then he went to his wheelchair and sat in it. He wheeled to her and gently lifted her feet.





“What’s wrong, baby?” He removed her shoes and rubbed her feet.





“Mmmm….” She hummed. “That feels good. I should be rubbing your feet. I get paid to take care of you-”





“Stop changing the subject. What’s wrong?”





She sighed. “Remember my first client?”





“The old lady?”





“Yeah.”





“She okay?”





Robin explained about her visit and the condition that she had found the woman in. Jason’s expression had taken on a sad cast.





“Unfortunately things like that happen all of the time, and not just to the elderly. People with handicaps like mine are just…left…unattended all of the time.”





Robin watched him. “Did…that ever happen to you?” Of all of the things that they had discussed, Jason had never broached the subject of his childhood neglect. There were very few fond memories that he had of his childhood and to him, no reason to dredge up unpleasant memories.





“Yes,” he said neutrally. Robin sat up straight.





“What happened to you?”





“I had some aids that didn’t do their jobs half as well as you do.” He smiled slightly at her. “And the past is the past. Now the question is what are you going to do with the information that you have?”





“I’m pretty sure that she knows I have her number and she’s going to be more careful. I just need to make sure to visit on a regular basis. I’d tell her son, but…it’s not like he really cares.” She wasn’t saying that she thought Bentley didn’t love his mother. She just thought that his love was that distant thing that people had for those that were too much effort or trouble. Sometimes that type of love was easy to put on the back shelf. Robin definitely thought that Bentley had placed his mother on the back shelf.





The food arrived and Jason paid for it. Robin offered to pay half but he dismissed her offer with a wave of his hand. They sat down with pizza and salad and had a comfortable conversation that did not include neglect or abuse. There were no dishes to do so Robin wiped everything down while Jason worked at his studio. She sat on the couch and listened to him digging for breaks, every once in a while he would explain the origins of a beat or she would ask him to play something again, but soon his deep concentration lent to her nodding off on the couch.





She was awakened when he cut off the lights and she sat up quickly and looked around the darkened room. Her eyes latched on to the hands of the clock; eleven pm!





“Oh god, Jason! I’m so sorry!” She leaped to her feet and began to wring her hands.





“What are you sorry about?” He asked giving her a curious look. He was now in his wheelchair and was just turning off the computer equipment.





“I swore that I would never fall asleep on you again.”





He smiled. “That’s a promise you’ll have to break; because I really enjoy when you sleep on me.”





She paused and whispered. “At night when we’re in bed…but not while I’m supposed to be your assistant.”





He reached for the crutches and left the chair behind as he walked to her. She noticed that his legs were moving a lot easier, he wasn’t just swinging them any longer. He was actually moving one leg in front of the other. It wasn’t smoothly and he was still slow but he was doing it.





“Robin, I kept you up awfully late last night and honestly…I wanted you rested because I was hoping to keep you up again tonight.” He gave her a hopeful look. “Will you stay tonight?” The current that ran through her body seemed to spark to life. She smiled.





“I can’t stay every night.”





“No, but you can tonight, right?”





She nodded and closed the space between them to kiss him. “I’ll get my bag.” When she returned from the car Jason was in the bedroom and already partially undressed. She went to the bathroom and brushed her teeth. She resisted the urge to leave her toothbrush in the medicine chest. The last thing she needed was for Mrs. H to find it and…well cause her problems at Pinnacle.





By the time she got to the bedroom Jason was again beneath his sheets and presumably nude. She placed her bag on the chair in the corner and then began removing her clothes. Jason started humming an old burlesque strip tease. Robin giggled.





“Come on, baby. Make it sexy!” He yelled.





“No.” She laughed in embarrassment. When she was down to sexy underwear she relented a bit and shook her boobs allowing them to fall out of her unhooked bra. Jason sucked in a sharp breath.





“Robin.”





“Hmmm?” She purred.





“You have no idea.”





“Of?” She asked suggestively as she bent to lower her panties.





“How unbelievably sexy you are. How fucking sexy you are.”





She bit her lip. “It’s you who doesn’t know how badly you make me want you.” He gave her a surprised look and then reached out for her to come to him. When she reached the end of the bed she pulled the sheets down to reveal his nudity, and then she climbed onto the bed on all fours and crawled to him.





Jason whimpered like a child as Robin lay her body on top of his, trapping him beneath her and teasing him with her lips and tongue. And then when she came up on all fours straddling him, she again teased him with her breasts, grazing his chest lightly with her nipples. When she moved down the bed, she once again teased his penis with her belly, and then her breasts and lastly with light kisses that she left on the head of him.





She thought his jerking and groans were signs of a seizure, but it was just pleasure and when he was almost overwhelmed with her erotic torture he urged her onto her back and did the same thing to her. Robin writhed and bucked beneath him until he ended her torture by gently lapping at her clitoris and granting her the ultimate release.





Then Robin did a thing that she had always wanted to do, she placed Jason’s penis into her mouth—as much as she could fit—and gave him a blowjob. It wasn’t the most successful blowjob; she gagged and choked and drooled but Jason had no complaints and later when she asked him if it had been okay he told her truthfully that it was the best orgasm that he’d ever had.





The next day was Wednesday and Robin had an appointment later that evening with the gastroenterologist. Jason wanted to go with her but first there was school. At lunch Robin noted that Amberly was watching the two of them closely.





“Where did you all go yesterday?” Jason stared down at his grilled cheese sandwich and concentrated on pulling off a small section to place into his mouth. Amberly wasn’t quite her friend so she felt it wasn’t her place to answer. Link and Patty were both turning slightly red.





“Uh…” Link stammered. “We just stopped by the van for a sec and kinda lost track of time.”





“All three of you?” She asked, excluding Robin, who didn’t mind at this point.





“Sorry.” Patty apologized. “No one knew it would take up the entire lunch break.” Amberly didn’t seem satisfied but she got up and limped over to Jason and sat lightly in his lap.





“What are you going to do, play with that food, Top?” He reached around her to continue fiddling with his sandwich, essentially cradling her in his arms. Robin stared straight ahead and tried not to think anything of it. After all, Amberly has sat in Link’s lap, too…but mostly Jason’s. She sipped her fruit juice and munched on a cracker. For lunch she had opted on a plate of chicken salad on a wedge of lettuce with slices of tomato surrounding it. Her stomach was good but no use in pushing it.





“So have you thought about it?” Link asked, directing the question at Jason.





“What?” Jason asked, giving him a distracted look.





“What we talked about yesterday.”





Jason’s face flamed. His mouth opened and then closed and both Robin and Amberly looked at him curiously.





“The dj gig?” Link prompted.





“Oh!” Jason gushed in relief. “Oh that.” Link rolled his eyes to the top of his head.





“There’s going to be another?” Robin asked curiously.





“Oh man.” Amberly sighed. “Just what we need; another fiasco.”





Robin was at a lost for words. She felt hot embarrassment course through her body.





“That’s not fair.” Patty said. “Most everyone has at least one bad experience with liquor.”





Jason nudged her off his lap and turned to Robin. “What do you think, Sweetheart? Shall we try it again?”





“Of course, Jason. Making music is what you do. Yes, do it.” She said honestly. Some of the others at the table began chattering about it and if they were going to do another theme like they had the last time by using Beat Street as their musical influence. So yeah, people did catch on; some people did get it.





Patty reached into her bag and withdrew a small brown paper sack. She shoved it into Robin’s hands. “Here. This is Top’s. Put it in your purse.” Robin did as she was told, giving Patty a curious look. But Patty just had an odd twinkle in her eye like there was a joke that Robin didn’t know about.





Amberly just watched them all silently. “Jason.” She said suddenly. “Are you ever going to come back to the group meetings?” Meaning the diversity group for the University students with disabilities. “You haven’t been to a meeting in weeks.”





“I’ve been slacking but I’m not quitting the group.”





“Well there’s a meeting Thursday. I’ll bring you back home like we usually do,” she offered. He thought about it. The club is what helped him to feel comfortable in his skin around the ‘normal’ kids. Without it he would have never been social.





“Yeah. We can do that.” He’d be home before seven and that would give him something to do instead of looking at the clock and waiting for Robin. And besides, he felt pretty bad about them ditching Amberly yesterday…but what would she have done in a van full of people making out but feel like a fifth wheel?





Chapter 5





After school they had only enough time to go straight to the hospital for Robin’s appointment. With an appointment vs. an actual emergency it didn’t take nearly as long to be seen by the doctor. While they waited to be called back Jason asked her if she had told her Mom about the ulcers.





“God, no. I don’t want to worry her.” He gave her a doubtful look.





“I’d want my Mom to know if I had bad ulcers.”





“We don’t know exactly how bad they are-”





“Well…the hole in your stomach seems to suggest that they’re pretty bad.”





“Bah.” She said dismissively. It wasn’t that she wasn’t concerned about the ulcer, but it would go away on its own if she just de-stressed. The pain had always stopped before; just like right now—no pain.





The doctor explained that Robin was severely anemic; an indication of possible continuous blood loss. He made an appointment for her to have an upper GI Endoscopy done next week and instructed her to return if she had any more bloody vomiting or fainting; a further indication of severe blood loss. He stressed upon her the need to come in if she felt light headed or if the pain returned and became severe.





He gave her instructions for preparation for the endoscopy appointment and when she looked at it she scowled. She wouldn’t be able to drive because they would be giving her a sedative. So she would have to tell her mother after-all.





Jason placed his hand on her wrist when they were back in the car. “Do you want me to ask Link to drive you?”





“I don’t want to put him out.”





“Well you know how I feel; I think you should tell your mother.”





“You don’t understand.” Robin started the car. They had already decided on fast food and she headed to the restaurant as she tried to explain. “My Mother would be in my business, trying to dictate everything I do, reminding me that I have an ulcer, second guessing my every move. I couldn’t stand that!”





“She’s a mother, Robin. She has a right to do that.”





“This coming from the guy that won’t tell his mother that he wants to walk?”





He flashed her a look. “Are you saying that I’m being a hypocrite?”





“Yes.”





She was right. He decided not to push the issue. They got their carry out order, took it back to his house and had eaten half the meal before remembering the package that Patty had given her and she reached into her bag and passed it to him without looking inside.





“Patty told me to give this to you.” Jason accepted the bag and withdrew a box of condoms. His eyes drifted to hers. She was squinting at the box. Condoms?





“Why is Patty giving you condoms?”





“No.” He said quickly. “Not Patty, but Link. And he bought me ones that will actually fit me.”





Her face warmed. “Jason…I was planning to go home today. I only brought one change of clothes and…”





Jason’s expression was crestfallen. “Robin…I know that first time was pretty bad. I know I wasn’t very gentle and careful. I guess I just didn’t understand. But I do now. I’m really sorry that it hurt so much, but I’ll be extra careful.”





“That’s not it, Jason.” She wasn’t exactly looking forward to actually having his penis inside of her again. But she remembered Patty words that the more they actually ‘did it’ the easier and better it would become. She wanted her body to get to that point where it was good…good like his mouth and hands between her thighs were. And she wanted to satisfy him the way a woman satisfied her man.





No, the reason that she wanted to go home is because she needed another change of clothes, to bathe and be in her own house, her own bed. She’d had a rough few days and she needed time to think about them and to put all of the new things in her life into some type of perspective.





He took her hand. “Sweetheart, there’s no rush,” he lied. “We can wait until the time is better.” Even though his dick was already thickening in his pants and he wanted nothing more than to bury himself into her throbbing wet pussy.





She considered him, remembering the nights of pleasure and the way her body told her that there was something more, something even better than what she had already experienced. “I guess I could just go home…afterwards?”





He smiled in relief. “And when you go back home be sure to pack more clothes…” She laughed and kissed him.





“Okay. I’ll go home…later.”





She went to the bathroom while Jason went about turning out the lights and locking up. He stripped out of his clothes and moved to the bed nude and was opening the box of condoms when Robin walked into the room already naked. He would never get enough of seeing her like this. Though he had never thought about black women one way or another, he now saw her brown skin and the texture of her hair as something that accentuated an already beautiful young woman. The fact that her full hips and ample ass was like a porn movie come to life was like the cherry on top. He knew that she saw herself as overweight. She certainly wasn’t thin, but he loved the slightly rounded mound of her belly and the curves that moved when she walked. Robin was shapely and womanly and looking at her clothed or nude sometimes made his heart skip a beat.





She climbed into bed and sat on her folded knees, gently taking the box from him. She opened it and removed one of the shrink wrapped packages. She noted that he was ready even though they had yet to touch.





He lay down and she watched him get comfortable. He, in turn, watched her with his beautiful green eyes that were lined with his light colored lashes. He thought about the gift that he wanted to give her; a gift for the pain that he had created their first time.





“I thought you might want to try getting on top?” He suggested.





She looked down at his bobbing penis. It wasn’t completely hard yet, but hard enough. She ripped open the package and slipped the condom on him. Jason closed his eyes and held his breath his head stretching and moving to the side as his lips parted.





She slid the rubber down his shaft slowly. It went on with ease. When it was on she saw him open his eyes and watch her again. Robin planted her hands on his strong chest and then threw her leg over his pelvis, straddling him. She saw him do that trick with his penis where he pointed it towards her. Robin came up on her knees, spreading for him. Jason quickly grabbed his penis at the base and rubbed her pussy; teasing her clit and watching her nipples harden. He released his penis and lightly stroked her with his first two fingers. She sighed and shivered. Jason reached up with his other hand and lightly gripped her nipple. Robin cried out.





Jason sat up quickly and latched on with his mouth. Robin’s back arched, her mouth parting and her eyes closing. She didn’t realize that her groans had become loud and that her pelvis was now rolling and gyrating against Jason’s. He lapped and sucked and pinched and tugged her nipples almost roughly creating a frenzy in Robin’s body. That line that connected her nipples to her clitoris was being plucked and Robin couldn’t seem to get enough.





“Please…” She heard herself beg. Jason raised his eyes to meet hers, not releasing her delicious nipple; in fact stretching it to its limits which brought a whimper of pleasure from Robin. His dick was pulsing with need. He reached between them to see that she was indeed ready. Link had said to make her feel good and then sneak attack; of course gently. He would be gentle this time. He gripped his penis again and felt her rise a bit to prepare for his entry. With her on top he figured that she could control the entry. That was his gift, to allow her to be in control of this second time together.





Robin was past fear at this point. Her skin was to that ultimate sensitivity that meant that she was hyper aware of his every touch; of his wild mane of red hair as it glided over her skin, of his teeth and the soft/roughness of his tongue on her nipple. She took his penis from him, claiming it as her own and he removed his hand and let her, leaning back to watch what she would do.





She was very wet, she could hear her own wetness when his sheathed penis parted her flesh. She placed him at her entrance and then lowered herself onto him. It felt very good; the completion of something that her body was meant for; and the pieces now connected.





Jason tried to stay still beneath her but it took all of his concentration. The Cerebral Palsy would not control him, he swore; not tonight. But he couldn’t control what could not be controlled and his body strained and stretched and his head flopped and he grunted and cried out. But he didn’t want to stop. Fuck it! He fell onto his back and let his body do what it would do!





Jason rolled and stretched and jerked while Robin gripped him firmly so that he would not accidentally impale her! It felt so wonderful so she released a little bit more of his shaft and allowed him further into herself. It was tight and there was a faint pain but she continued to gyrate and pump her hips and then while she gripped him with one hand she reached up with the other and stroked her own nipple. Her clit leaped! Her head fell back and she cried out in pleasure. She lowered her hand and allowed more of him to enter her.





It hurt a little now. A third of him was inside. She was careful now. Jason was bucking wildly but she knew it wasn’t a seizure because he was rolling his hips suggestively and not seizing. He didn’t act as if he wanted her to stop, not the way he was roughly gripping her thighs and holding her in place.





Robin leaned back and released more of him and this time Jason thrust upward to meet her. She felt a pain deep inside but only when he hit a certain spot. And now she was stretched very far. She didn’t think that it would be possible to stretch any further. She looked down. He was only halfway inside. Her body slowed, the humming was still there, the passion and lust still present, but not the desperateness. That had died away with the pain. She had to wonder if she would ever be able to make love to her boyfriend like other people—like Link and Patty.





Jason looked at her suddenly. He blinked. “Okay?” he asked, his words almost unintelligible.





She nodded, but looked far from okay. He sat up again, panting and feeling that if he stopped he’d quite possibly die. But he did stop. “Let’s do something else.” He panted.





“Something different? Like what?” Her body began to relax but she was covered in a sheen of sweat and he thought that she looked like the sexiest creature in the universe.





He smiled, looking like a boy with a secret. Then he lay back. “Climb up here, Sweetheart. I want your thighs on each side of my face.” Robin felt herself clench. She climbed up his body and placed both of her thighs on each side of his face.





Later, after two orgasms each, Robin pulled herself out of bed. It was after midnight. She helped Jason use the restroom and then she pulled on her clothes. He frowned.





“Are you sure that you want to leave?” He hated thinking of her driving through the streets at this hour when she could be asleep in his arms.





She nodded. “Yes. I need to go home. But…lay down in bed.” He gave her a curious look and then turned and walked to the bed, climbing into it and wondering what she was up to. She brought the covers up and tucked him in. He grinned.





She watched him, her hands moving slowly over his nude chest and down his arms. “I’ll lock the door when I leave.” His brow gathered.





“Why? I can walk you out-”





She shook her head. “No. It’s time for your song. So lay there and take it like a man.”





He chuckled. “Okay, if you want to bend my arm.” He sighed and brought his hands behind his head and waited.





She looked a bit embarrassed. “So, how do you feel about sappy love songs?”





“I wish I could sing you a sappy love song, Robin.” He said earnestly. “Go ahead, sing whatever you want, babe. I want to hear whatever you have.”





She stared at the pillow that his head rested on. She swallowed and then began to softly sing a song about Jason’s star soaring and her being the sky that allowed him to shine.





When she finished he just stared at her. He didn’t speak for a long time. “Is this how you feel about me?”





She nodded. “You’re so talented, Jason. I just love to watch you soar. I…love being in the same room with you when you’re making magic.” She felt suddenly stupid for what she had just said. He must think she is so desperate just to gleam off some of his strength.





“I can’t sing worth a lick.” He said, while staring steadily into her eyes. “But tomorrow I’m going to play you a song that mirrors what I feel for you, okay?” She felt her cheeks warm.





“Okay. A sappy love song?” She smiled.





“Maybe.” He wore such a serious look on his face. “Robin.”





“Hmmm?”





“I love you.” The silly smile fell off her face.





Her face grew serious. “Why?”





He didn’t seem surprised that she asked this. But this time he smiled. “I’ll tell you tomorrow.”





“It’s going to take you that long to figure it out?” She asked, only half way joking.





“No. I know exactly why I love you. But I need to tell you tomorrow.” She didn’t understand. But on this point he seemed adamant.





“Okay.” She finally said when he didn’t add more. “I love you too Jason.” She gave him a soft kiss on his lips. “Thank you.”





“For what?” He frowned once.





“For loving me.”





He reached up and stroked her cheek with the back of his hand. “See you tomorrow, Sweetheart.”





Robin drove home in an odd mood. She had a boyfriend, her own place, money in the bank; everything that she had always dreamed of having…and yet there was so much sadness still within her. She didn’t understand it.





Once Robin was gone Jason got out of bed. He didn’t bother to check the locks, he trusted Robin to have locked up. Instead he went to the bathroom but not to use the toilet again. He leaned heavily against the counter and swallowed a pained look. Then he reached into the medicine chest for the bottle of Ibuprofen. His legs were killing him and had been for the last two days but now it was worse. His knees were swollen, his ankles hurt and his hip joints ached. Jason didn’t know how much longer he would be able to walk, he’d been swallowing ibuprofen like it was candy.





He limped slowly back into his bedroom and climbed into bed.





Chapter 6





The next day was Thursday and as soon as Robin and Jason approached the cafeteria her feeling of peace slipped. She didn’t mind the table full of ever changing bodies with their loud voices and joking. That didn’t bother her anymore. And she looked forward to seeing Patty and Link. It was Amberly that brought the mood crashing down. It wasn’t even her snide remarks, it was just the sight of her sitting her bony little butt in Jason’s lap. She swore to herself that she wouldn’t say anything about it. She remembered what Jason had said about touch. People didn’t want to touch people like him and Amberly, and maybe that was true. Jason fulfilled Amberly’s need to touch. Robin supposed that was the problem in a nutshell. She didn’t want Jason to fulfill anyone’s need for touch but hers!





Patty gave her a sly smile. “Oh hey,” she said to Robin. “How did Top enjoy his present?”





Robin hid a grin and tried to play along and keep a straight face. “He enjoyed it very much. Thank you.” Jason was listening but he kept his eyes glued to his burger. However, it was evident that two bright red spots were developing on his cheeks.





“Jason, are we still on for this afternoon?” Amberly called across the table.





“Yep.” He took a bite of his sandwich. Robin had heard her mention their club meeting yesterday and that she would be bringing him home. She gave him a curious look and when he finished chewing he explained.





“They have meetings once a week for about an hour. We eat and talk and sometimes go out. They only last an hour. I can just hang around here and then Amberly will drop me off at my place. I’ll be home well before seven.” Robin nodded.





“Seven?” Amberly asked with a frown. “What happens at seven?”





“That’s when Robin comes back.” Amberly tilted her head in confusion.





“Robin’s my nighttime aid.”





Amberly gave him a surprised look. “Oh…Well what if we don’t get back by seven?”





He gave her a confused look. “We always get back before seven.”





Patty popped her knuckles and they sounded like twigs breaking. Robin actually jumped. “Actually that works out great. Then Robin and I can go shopping before the party Friday. I want to buy something…special.” Link, who was busy talking to two very sexy girls stopped in mid-sentence to look at Patty. Robin saw that his lip twitched.





Patty ignored him completely and turned her attention to Robin. “You game?”





“Yeah, sure.”





Patty poked Jason who was still talking to Amberly. “So if I get your girl home a little after seven that won’t be a problem?”





His eyes flitted to Robin’s. “I mean…if she wants to come over later that will be fine. I’ll just eat with Amberly.”





Robin felt her mouth pull into a grimace but she stopped it before it became obvious…or at least she hoped she did. “That’s cool,” she lied. Patty pulled out a cell phone and the two exchanged phone numbers.





Amberly hid her own smile of pleasure. She was a teeny bit jealous that Robin was going shopping with Patty but she would prefer the time with Jason. She intended to explain things to him tonight and she knew that she had to do it now, before his feelings for his Aid began to develop too strongly. Amberly was counting on the fact that their friendship meant more to him than this new assistant that hadn’t even been in his life a month yet.





She scooped back her fine, dark hair behind her ears and leaned in to tell him about this stupid movie that she’d seen. She knew he’d get a kick out of it. She knew Jason and Jason knew her…it was a link that the new girl just didn’t have with him yet; and if it was at all up to Amberly, she never would.





“Oh my god, Top, I saw one of the craziest freaking things that I’ve ever seen in my life.”





“What?”





“There was a video on bedbugs on the Sundance channel and it stared…get this, Isabella Rossellini.”





“What?”





Amberly was giggling. “I could not stop laughing at how bizarre it was! It was like…some educational video.”





Jason chewed his burger and considered her. “An educational video about bedbugs…starring Isabella Rossellini?”





“Yes! The title was Green Porno.”





“You’re freaking making this up-”





“No, I’m not. I mean…I guess it actually was educational. I did learn stuff.”





“Taught by Isabella Rossellini?”





“Yeah, but it is pretty much stuff that you wouldn’t want to know about bedbugs and their mating habits. Like…they have sharp knife-like penises, and they stab the females with them and basically rape them. And if they’re male…well they die a horrible death. The more you know-”





“Wait! Are you saying the males die a horrible death upon raping the females?” Jason asked curiously.





“No. The males can stab another male and kill him.”





“With his dick?” Amberly nodded. “You do realize that I intend to look this all up on the internet, right?”





“Death by penis?” Link interjected.





Jason gave him a wide-eyed look. “You want to be a bedbug now, don’t you Link?!”





Link shook his head. “A knife-like penis? Hell no. That’s fucked up even for me.”





“Not as fucked up as a praying mantis.” Patty added.





“Yeah,” some random guy spoke. “They basically rip off the other’s head and eats it.”





“Right.” Patty smiled. “And the body can still have sex.”





Robin watched their interaction quietly. The topic was disgusting and she wondered how they knew all of this stuff about bug’s sex life.





Jason had a thoughtful look on his face. “A praying mantis that wants to fuck another headless praying mantis needs psycho therapy.”





Link responded matter-of-factly. “Well sadly I don’t think there are very many praying mantises that are psychologists.”





The mating rituals of bugs lead to discussions about sex in general which really got crude. Robin was very pleased that Jason did not add one piece of information to the subject.





After Jason’s last class he followed Robin to her car. Amberly and the other’s were still in class so the two had about half an hour to kill.





“I put your crutches in my trunk if you want to take a walk to the commons.” She offered.





He made a face. “Nah, but if you want to sit in my lap I’ll take you for a ride.”





She laughed. “No, I’m not going to sit on your lap in public.”





“No one will care. Come on Robin.” He pleaded. She relented because she loved going for a ride in his chair. She settled onto his lap and he wheeled them down the walkway. She got comfortable in his arms, her hands resting in her lap.





“Can you get a key made while you’re out shopping?” He asked.





“Yeah, I can. You really don’t mind me having a key to your place?”





“You’re my aid…and more importantly my girlfriend. I want you to have a key.” He reached into his pocket and handed her his set of keys. She removed the house key from the ring.





“How are you going to get into your apartment without this?”





“Amberly has a key, you know, in case I have an emergency and she has to get in.”





Robin didn’t have a response to that.





“How are you feeling today?” He asked. She wasn’t sure if he meant her stomach, about last night, or just her general anxiousness. When she thought about it in those terms she felt very screwed up.





“I’m good.”





“I didn’t hurt you last night did I?” She looked at him.





“No. I just…”





“What?” He asked quickly.





“Nothing, I just wonder how long before…well you know…”





He frowned, a look of confusion on his face. “Before what?”





She leaned towards his ear and whispered. “Before it will go in all of the way without hurting.”





“Oh. We’ll just have to keep practicing.” He tried not to smile, but then his expression turned serious. “Just promise me that you’ll tell me if I hurt you, no holding back, okay?”





“Okay.” She cleared her throat and changed the subject in case people could overhear what they were talking about. “So this club; what do you do there?”





“We just talk and get to know each other. Try to help each other out with issues. Sometimes we go out. Just like any other club.” She placed her arm behind his body and leaned her head against his chest and took in the sights of the fall leaves.





“This is nice.” He said while wheeling them along.





“Mhm.” She sighed.





“I could…cancel.” Robin lifted her head and looked at him.





“No, Jason. We have all of the time in the world to be with each other.”





“I know.” He agreed. But it was like he couldn’t get enough of her. Before she arrived in the morning he was checking the clock to see how much longer before she was due to arrive. And each evening he wanted to hold her and fall asleep knowing that she was right next to him.





It was the real reason that he had agreed to go to the club meeting this evening. He thought that maybe he wasn’t giving her enough space. After all, she was with him almost every waking minute during the week now that she was his night time aid. He just didn’t want to crowd her. He wondered if it was normal to want to see someone all of the time? After all she had a life, too, didn’t she? Maybe she wanted some space, maybe that’s the real reason she went home yesterday. He would need to really try to be conscious of it.





Patty sent her a text and Robin met her back at the entrance of the building. Jason wouldn’t let her off his lap until he had received a goodbye kiss. She tried to give him a quick peck goodbye, but he gripped her lower lip with his and it virtually froze her in her spot. Something strange happened to her; the world disappeared and she had tunnel vision that centered around Jason and his lips and his tongue. Her body tensed; almost like a cat that was preparing to spring. Her breath caught and she suddenly returned his kiss passionately, aggressively, taking him by surprise.





“Damn…” She heard Patty speak, as if from a distance. Robin pulled back then, feeling light headed. Jason’s eyes were half closed and he looked as if someone had knocked him silly. Robin climbed from his lap, fighting to catch her breath. She stumbled and righted herself, still not able to take her eyes from him. Jason’s lips were still parted. He was punch drunk from that kiss.





Patty was staring back and forth from one to the other of them. There was a look of awe on her face. “Okay, you know what, Robin, are you going to be okay to drive after that kiss?” She was only half-way kidding. That had been a kiss that you saw only in the movies!





Jason blinked and cracked a smile. He wheeled past them and into the building so that he wouldn’t have to watch Robin and Patty drive off without him. He almost wheeled right into Amberly who was standing just inside of the door.





“Oh, hey,” he said. “I didn’t see you.” He didn’t notice that her smile seemed a little too quick, almost forced.





“Ready to go?” She asked brightly.





“I am.” The two headed to the elevators, as the club was held in one of the lower level rooms. “How is that video coming along; for Love’s End?”





Amberly thought about the fact that it was Robin’s voice that had made the song so haunting and soulful…and then she quickly dismissed it. He had cut and screwed her voice so much that she probably really sounded like a hog crying for its slop! Still it was a good song and she wanted to make a good video for it. She just wasn’t sure what she could do to compliment its soulfulness.





“It’s coming along.”





“No rush.”





“You should do it Friday. It’s a great song.”





Jason looked at her. “I could.” He agreed. He had Robin’s part already in the computer’s memory. He could transfer it to Link’s studio. “And no one’s heard it yet but us. Maybe I will.” They got to the classroom and Jason was suddenly bombarded by calls of ‘Top! Where have you been?’ He felt himself relax and for a moment he felt bad about putting his friends from the club on the back burner. But soon he was thinking about Robin and that last kiss that they had shared and he wished that she was back in his lap and that his hands were around her full hips.





Patty had not stopped talking about that PDA! Robin had never thought that she would be a girl that could get caught up in a lip lock with a guy out in public. Her mother would be appalled! Mama never liked seeing young people pawing and kissing all over each other. Secretly, whenever Robin would see people kissing and holding hands she always wished that she was that girl.





She grinned to herself. Now she was that girl! She turned to Patty. “Oh come on! I’ve seen you and Link kissing. You guys can steam the windows of a jetliner!”





Patty grinned proudly. “Link is a good kisser.”





“It takes two to kiss…well usually…unless things are really weird. Where are we going, by the way?”





“The mall; Florence. Up for a trip to Kentucky?”





Robin shrugged. “Yep.” Kentucky was as close as any other neighborhood in Cincinnati. From downtown Cincinnati she could be in Lawrenceburg Indiana where the gambling went on, or Kentucky in mere minutes. Everything was very close. She hopped on the expressway and they drove to the mall while Patty tried to hedge around the subject of the condoms. Finally she just flat out asked.





“Magnums???”





“Wh-a-?” Robin blushed.





“Oh my god, when I saw them in the bag I just bust out laughing and I said, ‘Peter, these can not be for you!’”





Robin covered her mouth. “You didn’t say that to his face, did you?”





“Yes.” Patty’s eyes twinkled. “But he knows he has a big one, maybe not magnum size but he has the most perfect dick.”





“Link’s name is Peter?”





“Yes. We like using our real names when we’re alone.”





“How is that working out for you? You know, coming out and saying that you’re in love.”





Patty took a while to answer. She had a thoughtful look on her face. “Honestly…” Her expression had taken on a strange cast.





Robin glanced at her as she drove. Was she about to cry? “You okay, Patty?”





“Yeah.” She said gruffly. “It’s just that he hasn’t told anyone else how he feels about me. He still flirts with other girls. I mean, I’m not saying that he’s out doing them or anything. But…it still feels weird if he doesn’t even tell anyone that he’s with me--then I wonder, well fuck it all; are we really together or not? Are we just fucking or do we have a thing?!”





“Do you want to be his girlfriend; a couple, a romance, holding hands and out in the public kind of relationship?” Robin asked simply. Because her idea is that she had an obligation to make her wants known.





“Meh.” Was Patty’s response. Robin had never heard that one before. It sounded almost dismissive. They were pulling into a parking space at Florence Mall before Patty spoke again.





“Yes. I want that whole sappy, stupid love thing.”





Robin smiled at her. “You should tell him what you want.” The two young women stepped out of the car and Robin locked it.





“See,” Patty said. “I’m of an opinion that I shouldn’t HAVE to tell him. HE is supposed to tell me and then I’m supposed to agree or disagree.”





Robin thought about how she and Jason had began. She had kissed Jason first, but it was he that had said he loved her. She still didn’t understand how and why but he would explain that tonight. She looked at Patty as they stepped into the mall. The bigger girl had just come to a dead stop for no reason at all.





Patty stood inside of the mall entrance. She looked around with her hands on her waist. She was dressed in combat boots, jeans and a black t-shirt showcasing a rock band that Robin didn’t know. Beneath the t-shirt was a long sleeved thermal shirt, her tattooed flesh peeking out from beneath the sleeves and the collar. Her short nails were painted black and her hair was stiffly gelled; a portion was dyed a vibrant fuchsia while the rest was blond. The fuchsia coloring covered her long bangs that concealed surprisingly warm brown eyes. It was her thing. Robin had never seen her without those bangs concealing at least one of her eyes. The rest of her hair was cut into a bob and Patty’s makeup was just harsh, black eyeliner.





There was a masculine look about her, but mostly because of her clothing and her attitude. Patty’s face was full of soft curves only offset by the hard edge of her clenched teeth and the perpetual scowl that she wore on her face.





Robin noted that Patty was attractive in a scary/androgynous way and she could see where some guys liked the toned and sexy girls with their perfect looks…but she could also where the very same guys were also drawn to women like her; to the tough Joan Jett’s of the world.





She looked at Robin. “I…do you think…?” She tried again. “I’d like to look pretty. Do you think that’s possible?” was her blunt question. It was the honesty in her words that caused Robin to realize just how much she really liked this girl and that maybe they weren’t all that different from each other. Maybe Patty wasn’t just trying to be her friend because she was with Jason but because she could see something about Robin that was also present in herself. So Robin took the time to answer honestly and truthfully. She didn’t bother to tell Patty that she was already pretty; because Patty didn’t see it even though it was plainly there.





“What kind of pretty; hard, soft or kick-ass?”





Patty was nodding quickly at the question. It was a good question. She thought for a while. “Not slutty, and not all pink and soft; maybe somewhere in the middle?” She was asking, as if Robin was an authority.





“Hot Topic?” Robin suggested, referring to the trendy store.





“Fuck yeah!” They hit the store. The cute stuff was mostly in the sizes meant for stick figures. Patty picked up a tiny pleated skirt and examined it in horror.





“Are you kidding me? Someone can fit this?! An adult?”





Robin looked at it. “I don’t think I could get it around my thigh…”





Patty’s eyes lit up and she rushed past Robin. She picked up a black corset. Her eyes were all alight. “I want this.”





Robin looked at it doubtfully. A corset? To be worn in public? It was so revealing and Patty was kinda big. She turned to Robin, her eyes excited and dancing.





“A corset! I have to get a corset!!!”





“Okay.” Robin agreed, though she didn’t really think it was a good idea. Patty searched and searched until she found the largest size. It still looked too small to Robin but if a corset would give Patty the feeling she needed then she would be all ‘hoohah’ about it for her new friend. Now Patty seemed to be on a mission. She searched for items that Robin didn’t quite get; torn fishnet cat suit, scary platform pleather boots, leather wrist bands.





It was the bottom half of the outfit that they had trouble with. They looked at leather, at jeans, at cheerleader skirts and then at Lane Bryants Patty finally found what she was searching for. Robin had to agree that the long, black skirt that hugged yet complimented her tall body was just the right feminine touch to offset the corset. It was good in a Morticia sort of way.





With her packages in tow, she looked at Robin. “I want a haircut.”





“It’s really short already.” She would look more like a dude than ever with shorter hair, Robin thought. She was thinking more on the lines of extensions if anything.





“I’m going to cut off my bangs. I want it spiky at top and I want to color it auburn.” They went to a walk-in salon and while Robin watched as they chopped off Patty’s long bangs. It was strange being able to see her eyes. She had them arch her brows. As Robin watched, she wondered if Patty was transforming for Link…or for herself.





As they walked to the food court a short while later, Robin kept peeking at Patty. How wrong she had been! Cutting her hair short and sweeping it out of her face had feminized her. She was nearly six feet tall, and she was thick and curvy as was Robin, but with her cool haircut and auburn color, arched brows and confident swagger Patty looked good…no; Belinda looked good.





“Wheels of Steel is no more.” Robin said. Patty looked at her in confusion. “No need for the insulting nickname, right, Belinda?” Belinda smiled.





“I think I agree with you.”





As they ate their chicken strips from Chik-fil-A, Belinda kept running her fingers through her short hair. “Link is going to trip out when he sees this get-up.”





“He’s going to love it.”





Patty watched her with interest. “Is Jason your first boyfriend?”





“Yes. Is it easy to tell?”





“Yes. But you’re Jason’s first girlfriend, too.”





“So Amberly and Jason never…?”





“Nope. They’re just friends. Look, don’t let Amberly get under your skin. She’s just overprotective of Jason. She doesn’t mean anything by it. And once she gets to know you the way I know you, she’s going to like you, Robin, and you’ll like her.” And we’ll be a big happy family, Robin thought dubiously.





Chapter 7





Jason had a great time at the club meeting. They gave him shit for being away for the last few months and he promised that he wouldn’t drop out of sight again. Then he invited them to the Omicron party, promising that it was completely handicap accessible. He felt bad that he hadn’t done this before.





After the meeting, Amberly suggested they pick up Chinese and head back to his place. He didn’t particularly care for Chinese; it was messy, hard to spoon into his mouth and he choked on it easily. But what the hell. If Amberly was going to be present then she could give him the Heimlich if necessary.





“Man, Top, we don’t do stuff like we used to.” She said while helping him into her car. “When was the last time we went to a movie?”





He winced as he adjusted his legs. “I’d rather watch a DVD…or better yet, mix music. Besides, we hang out five days a week at lunch.” She closed his door with a scowl. When she entered the car on the driver’s side she continued.





“I just think that we should do more stuff.”





Jason closed his eyes as his head began to swim. His breath came in quick pants and then he was in the throes of a seizure. With a low groan he stretched and kicked out before his head and limbs began to beat repetitively against the car’s interior. When he could open his eyes, he saw that Amberly had started the car and was waiting patiently for the seizure to end.





He looked at her, still not quite awake, and found that he missed the feel of Robin’s hands on his chest and on his face and the look of concern she wore; the barely concealed fear that he wouldn’t start breathing again. As he watched Amberly, he saw the reaction that he had become accustomed to; a pretense that it wasn’t really there, like it wasn’t the big fat elephant that was sitting in the car with them.





They got the carryout and brought it back to the house. And just as he predicted he choked and coughed more of it up then he had managed to eat. Amberly paused each time, and as soon as he got himself back into control she continued talking as if nothing happened. Robin would have pulled out her trusty baby wipes and cleaned him off while he sat there quietly waiting for her to be finished and feeling like an infant…a very lucky infant to have such a sexy caregiver fussing over him.





At seven he looked at the clock and wondered when she’d get home….home.





“Jason.” He dragged his eyes back to Amberly and raised his brow. She stood up and moved to sit in his lap. He watched her quietly, finding her behavior today a bit strange. Poor Amberly, maybe she felt left out. He wrapped his arms around her. They would have to make sure she knew that she was included even if she wasn’t paired off with someone.





“Are you okay?” He asked and she leaned forward and placed her lips on his. Jason pulled back in surprise.





Amberly stared at him. “It’s supposed to be me and you, Jason.”





“What?” He was trying to figure out the punchline. Amberly’s hands moved beneath his shirt.





“Amberly….” And then her fingers found his nipples and Jason’s body jerked. “Amberly! What are you doing?!” He roughly grabbed her wrists but she leaned forward and pressed her mouth to his, kissing him deeply. He pushed her back, away from him. “Stop it, Amberly!”





She pulled back slowly, a look of hurt on her face. “Jason…don’t you see? It’s always been you and me?”





“What are you talking about?!” He continued to push her until she got off his lap. He couldn’t believe that she had done that! She stood before him, the sad look replaced with one of determination.





“Jason, there is no one better for you than me. Who else understands your CP, your seizures, your need for touch? No one can understand it the way I can!”





“Oh my god…” Jason’s mouth fell open as he watched her. “Amberly…I thought…you said that you liked normal guys…?”





“I just said that so that I wouldn’t scare you away. I wanted you to come to me Jason. I didn’t want to be the one that had to come to you…but you didn’t because SHE suddenly popped up. I love you Jason. I love you so much.” Jason covered his face with his hands, rubbing it roughly before looking at her again.





“I love you too Amberly. But I’m in love with Robin-”





“But that’s because Robin’s normal…it’s like, she’s that unattainable thing that we always think we want. But when it comes down to it once we get it, it’s not all that it’s cracked up to be!”





Jason raised his hands in submission, but they were really going out of control instead as was the rest of his body. He took a few deep breaths and concentrated on his slow moving tongue. “I---I don’t feel that way. I don’t want her because she’s normal. I don’t even think about that. It doesn’t have anything to do with why I love her.”





Amberly rolled her eyes. “You don’t love her! You just met her! You can’t love her already.”





“Don’t tell me what I feel,” he said cooly. “It’s not about Robin, anyways.”





“Well, we have the same interests. Music and art is our lives. When we get out of school, this is going to be our careers. I mean…Robin, where does she want to go-?”





“Whoa, Amberly. Look, you don’t know Robin. You haven’t even given her a chance yet-”





“Yeah, but she doesn’t even talk to anyone. She just sits there! It’s like she doesn’t even understand what’s going on around her-“





Belinda’s voice came out of nowhere—or maybe everywhere. It was just suddenly there and Jason and Amberly’s head jerked to the entranceway of the kitchen where she and Robin were standing.





“Um…we’re here.” Belinda said tightly. “I guess you two didn’t hear us come in from all of this arguing.”





Jason looked at Robin who seemed pale beneath her brown skin. Fuck, how much of this conversation had she heard; but worse, what had she seen?





Amberly crossed her arms defiantly. “Well we weren’t arguing. We were just having a loud discussion.”





Belinda glanced at Robin, waiting for her to speak, to defend herself or to curse out somebody. But Robin remained quiet at her side.





“Maybe you should go, Amberly.” Jason spoke.





Instead of being hurt by his dismissal, Amberly seemed smugly pleased. Because there Robin was, just standing there looking like she was the one that was defeated.





“Sure. See you at school tomorrow.” She sauntered past Belinda and Robin out of the kitchen. “Bye Patty.” She ignored Robin and shut the door soundly behind her. Robin’s eyes had followed the limping girl.





“Robin-” She was just staring at the closed front door, as if she could see through it and at Amberly beyond it.





“I’ll be back.” She headed out the door.





“Robin-” Jason began rolling his chair after her. Belinda held up her hand to halt him.





“Let her handle her business.”





Robin felt a fog dropping down over her vision as she replayed walking into Jason’s apartment to the sound of arguing voices. Amberly and Jason; what could they be arguing about? And then she heard her name. Jason saying ‘ You don’t even know Robin. You haven’t given her a chance yet.’ And then there was Amberly’s response…that she was a misfit, that she didn’t know how to act, that she didn’t fit in.





And it was all probably true. For a minute there was nothing but the idea that she wanted to be sick, that she wanted to go home and crawl into bed. Then she remembered something; Jason was the only person that mattered. He loved her. Amberly had walked out the door, looking as if she owned ‘this’. Robin went outside with her.





“Amberly.”





The petite girl looked over her shoulder at Robin and then shook her head. “What?” Did she want to fight? Fine, she’d claw her black skin up.





“I think I always knew that you were in love with him; even if the rest didn’t.” Robin crossed her arms and rubbed her elbows while Amberly turned bodily to face her. “But he’s mine and I’m not going anywhere.” Amberly’s eyes flinched at not only Robin’s words but her calm demeanor. “Maybe I don’t fit in with your friends. But Jason and I ‘fit’ just right. And so…I guess I don’t care what you think. At first I did, but now…you just fucked yourself out of a friend—no; two.”





The meaning behind her words became clear as Amberly realized what she had really accomplished; she just alienated the man that she loved.





Robin turned to go back into the apartment.





“Wait.” Amberly said quickly. “Wait…Robin.” Robin turned slowly and looked at her, arms still crossed.





“Can we talk?”





Robin didn’t respond but she walked past Amberly and towards the lake. The girl shambled behind her to catch up. Neither spoke. It seemed that by unspoken agreement, they would wait until they reached the lake.





Robin sat down on the bench that she was beginning to love and to associate with Jason. She hoped this unpleasantness would not mar that.





Amberly sat down next to her, speaking almost anxiously. “Jason is my friend. I’m like…his big sister. It was me that got him acclimated to the University. People with disabilities sometimes find it hard to make friends.” Robin stared into the waters of the lake. “But I saw such a hardness in Jason that softened as soon as he saw that someone cared. It’s almost like…he’s too open. I just care too much and I don’t want anyone to hurt him-”





Robin turned to her. “Right now, all I hear is blah blah blah, coming from your mouth. I got your number, bitch. Don’t try to fake me out.” Robin had never thought she’d say such a thing but she meant it with ever fiber of her soul.





Amberly stared at her fearfully. “Don’t take Jason away from me.” She finally whispered. “He’s my…best friend.”





“If that’s true…which I doubt, then nothing I can do will change that.”





“But you can make it hard.”





“I know.”





“Are you going to?”





“Yes.”





Amberly sighed and looked at the lake. Tears filled her eyes and spilled over. She wiped them away quickly. “I’m sorry.” She finally said. “I shouldn’t have said what I did. Please let me stay friends with him. And I won’t try anything again.”





Again…Robin latched onto that word. What had she tried already? Robin glanced at her and didn’t like seeing the tears reddening her eyes even if she was just a few moments before, treacherously downgrading her.





“You tell me, and don’t lie, I want to know everything. If I ask Jason--and he will tell me if you have left anything out, I will be very angry. What have you already done to try to get with Jason?”





Then Amberly explained about their first kiss and the pact.





“It was the most wonderful kiss in the world. At first…I did like Jason a little.” Amberly explained. “But I wasn’t crushing on him. But after we kissed; it was like magic. I just, couldn’t stop thinking about it or him.” She wiped away the last of her tears as Robin sat listening.





“We have that pact and yes, I know he’s not going to honor it now, and I don’t expect him to. But it’s like…I don’t want anyone else to take my virginity. Jason is perfect for me. How did I not ever see it before?” She sniffed and looked at Robin. “And I do love him.” And there was a hatred in Amberly’s eyes, and an anger, but there was also a defeat. “But he doesn’t love me. He loves you.”





Amberly dug into her purse for tissue, then she blew her nose. “How did this happen?!” She laughed bitterly to herself. “I used to look at Top and think; will that boy ever comb his tangled hair? He was just like…a bratty kid brother. And then something changed and it was like; there’s Jason but where’s Top?” Amberly just sat there for a long moment seeming to think about that and then she seemed to remember that Robin was there.





“I’m sorry, Robin. Jason is right. I didn’t even try to give you a chance. I think…I knew or saw something in you that Jason would like; something that the other Aids never had. Like, I could see that you cared.” She twisted her fingers together and sighed. “I suppose, it’s probably not a smart thing to have some girl that is crushing on your boyfriend hanging around.” She sniffed. “I just wished that day…when I was feeling so lonely, that I hadn’t said, ‘hey Top, let’s kiss’ and he hadn’t said, ‘okay.’ That just screwed everything up!” Amberly wiped away the tears that had collected under her chin. “I thought it was a great kiss, but after I saw the way he kissed you today at school…I know that it was nothing.”





Robin stood tiredly. “Let’s go back.” Amberly gave her a curious look. She felt vulnerable but at the same time…well she had been honest. She had placed her cards on the table with both Robin and Jason and the pieces would fall where they fell. They walked back to the parking lot in silence and then Robin stopped and looked at her.





“I guess I’ll see you at school tomorrow.”





Amberly’s mouth opened. “Yeah.”





“What are you wearing to the party Friday? Belinda just bought a corset. Not sure if she will have the guts to actually wear it out in public, but you know her better than me. Do you think she will actually wear it to the party?”





Amberly’s face broke into a surprised smile. “Patt-Belinda is a nut; so yeah, she will wear it Friday. God a corset? She’s been talking about getting one for ages. I guess hooking up with Link is giving her all kinds of courage. I was going to wear black to the party. Hey you know what?! We should all wear black; like a theme!”





“I can go for the black theme as long as I don’t have to wear a corset.”





“Hell no.” Amberly agreed. “I can’t see my crooked body trying to rock a corset. I’ll go through my wardrobe and you go through yours and let’s coordinate our look tomorrow at school.”





“Sounds like a plan.” Robin replied while walking to Jason’s apartment.





“Robin.” She turned back to the girl. Amberly limped to her and hugged her slowly. When she pulled back Robin saw that her eyes were glistening in unshed tears and Amberly was trying to say something. “You are very cool.” She whispered before turning away and climbing into her car.





Chapter 8





Robin watched her drive away and then Belinda opened the front door and stormed down the walkway until she was standing next to Robin watching Amberly drive off.





“What the fuck??? Were you two just hugging??”





“Yep.”





Jason was in the doorway in his chair watching them both.





Belinda frowned. “We thought you drowned her in the lake.” She wasn’t joking either. Belinda was preparing to come find them.





Robin chuckled. “God…you guys gotta learn me. That’s not how I operate.”





“Is this about keeping your friends close but your enemies closer?” Belinda asked before they reached the front door.





“Yes…for now, but I hope not for long.” Belinda thought she understood what that meant. Robin hoped that she wouldn’t have to think of Amberly as an enemy for long. Belinda hoped so too. Amberly was cool people and so was Robin and they each just had to figure that out.





The three of them returned to the apartment. The plan had been for Belinda to call Peter and maybe the four of them could work on beats for the party that was to happen the very next day and then Belinda would just go home with Peter after. No chance of that happening now so Belinda was cutting out.





“I’m going to call Peter and tell him to pick me up at the corner-”





“Don’t be silly.” Robin said quickly. “I’ll take you home or to Peter’s.” She reached for her purse while Jason sat in his chair watching in surprise.





Patty was shaking her head. “No, you don’t have to do that…” But Robin was giving her a meaningful look, her back to Jason. She wanted to talk to Belinda; alone.





Catching on Belinda quickly changed “I mean, I’d appreciate it if you can drop me off at Peter’s. I want him to see my new do…I think I won’t show him the rest until Friday.”





Jason muttered. “Your hair looks nice, by the way. Robin, can I talk to you-?”





Robin turned to Jason. “I’ll be back. I’m just going to take her to Peters.” The two girls headed out of the apartment before Jason could respond.





“Are you mad at him?” Patty asked even before they reached her car.





“No.” She peeked at her new friend. “A little.” They got into the car and Robin pulled out quickly.





“Well I didn’t see him doing anything but defending you.” Patty replied.





“It’s not that.” Robin pulled the car to a stop as soon as they were out of Jason’s complex, parking quickly. She took a deep breath and looked at Patty, car still idling. “Did you know about that pact?”





Belinda frowned. “Pact?” Robin could tell that Belinda had no idea what she was talking about.



“Jason and Amberly have a pact for him to take her virginity if she didn’t lose it on her own.”





“What the-? And she didn’t tell me about it?! After I told her all about me and Peter!” Then Belinda scratched her newly shorn hair. “A pact?” She seemed at a loss.





“Amberly said that she fell in love with Jason because a few weeks back she went to his house feeling lonely, whatever. And they kissed. After that-”





“What??? They kissed?!” Belinda’s eyes were bugging. But she then calmed down and looked out the window. “Robin, I had no idea. I’m pretty sure that if she has feelings for Jason then it just developed recently. Years ago I asked her; cuz they were such good friends. But she wanted a ‘normal’ guy.” Belinda made quotations as she spoke the word normal. “I can’t tell you what to think but if she said that it just developed then I believe it.”





Robin was watching her closely. “It’s not her. I don’t care what she feels. It’s Jason. Is he in love with her?”





Belinda gave her a surprised look. “No way. Get that out of your mind now.”





“But he kissed her. When I first met Jason I thought he and Amberly were a couple. I just felt their closeness. Belinda…I think Jason might be in love with Amberly; maybe just a little.”





“Oh my god. Robin, we all love that nerdy, goofy girl, but it’s not like that between them. We just take care of each other. And yes, they both have CP and there is a special connection based on that-”





Robin was nodding. “That’s what I mean! I see how they look into each other’s eyes; when she’s on his lap and he’s just watching her like she’s the center of the world, the way he holds her. There is a link between them.” She felt hot tears fill her eyes.





Belinda turned to her. “Robin listen to me. Jason doesn’t have a tenth of the feeling for Amberly that he has for you-”





“But he has something.”





“No, just friendship; he cares about her, but only as a friend.”





“If that’s true, then why did they kiss? Belinda, Amberly said that he is her best friend. She asked me not to take her best friend from her.” Robin felt the tears spilling. She didn’t doubt for a moment that the love she felt for Jason was what Amberly was feeling for him. And their link ran further than the one that she and Jason were developing. “I asked Jason if he and Amberly were together and he told me no. But I could feel that there was something else there. I know what I feel! Maybe it’s the pact, or the kiss…but he has feelings for her!”





Belinda frowned. “You’re so wrong. You don’t know Jason yet. You think you understand, but you don’t. You’ll come to see that Jason is special. He loves hard, once you crack that shell. He is more vulnerable than you can imagine. He has been hurt so much in his past. Did he tell you about the way his caregivers abused him? One used to tie him up and leave him for hours sitting in a chair or in his bed while his mother was off at work. And not just her; others that he should have been able to trust—like that sick fuck of a father. He learned to put a shell around himself and to not let people in. But once you are in; he will love you so hard.”





Robin was clutching the steering wheel, staring at it, picturing the things that Belinda described. Yes, she could sense these things about him. And it was true that she didn’t know much about him. And he’d hinted at the abuse; it made her sick to her stomach to think about someone doing those things to him—to any child. She took a deep breath, trying to see things from a different angle; the pact, the kiss…His first kiss with Amberly. It just all meant something! She could not dispel that feeling.





“Robin, you need to go back to the house and talk to him right now. Peter will pick me up. You go home.” Belinda had already opened the door of the car and was preparing to step out when Robin stopped her.





“Belinda! You’re not going to tell Jason what we talked about, are you?”





Belinda gave her a hard look. “Are you going to talk to him about this?”





“I don’t know. I don’t know because, if I hadn’t come along…maybe they would have ended up together. Maybe it’s about them two-”





“Girl, don’t just hand your man to her-”





Robin flashed her an angry look. “I’m not going to hand him over. But I need to know if I’m just the…’normal’ girl that walked into his life and took up his attention away from her--and that the real connection isn’t between us but between them.” Belinda gave her a disapproving look. “So don’t tell him or Peter what we just talked about. Promise me.”





Belinda scowled. “Fine. I won’t tell him or Peter!”





Robin gave her a severe look. “You said you wouldn’t tell about the vomiting, and you did.”





“I didn’t promise I wouldn’t tell. I don’t break a promise…which is why I don’t make them. And besides, it turned out good that I did tell. Maybe you wouldn’t have gone to emergency if I hadn’t said anything and now you’re getting treated.” She got out of the car with her packages, digging for her cell phone.





Robin hoped she wasn’t leaving because she’d doubted her word. “Belinda, I’ll take you to Peter.”





She waved her away. “Peter doesn’t live far. Go; you two need to talk.”





Robin pulled away reluctantly. She returned to Jason’s parking lot and then took a deep, fortifying breath before heading to his apartment and unlocking the door. Jason was holding his cell phone to his ear and his head swung to look at her.





“I gotta go. Yeah, yeah. Bye.”





Robin wondered if that was Amberly on the phone, but the answer came immediately.





“Robin! You think that I’m in love with Amberly?!”





Robin’s eyes got wide. What the hell?! Belinda told. She’d only dropped the girl off less than five minutes ago! She freaking told that quick??





“Sweetheart, I am NOT in love with Amberly.” Robin walked into the kitchen to get away from his stare. She opened the refrigerator and grabbed a bottled water.





“Ugh.” Jason groaned. She looked at him quickly but he was just sitting in chair with a lost look on his face. “I…that pact. It was stupid. That kiss was so bad that I felt sorry for her and then the next thing I know I was making that pact. It was stupid-”





“The pact was stupid. But you kissed her. I mean…I thought our first kiss was your first kiss.” She tried unsuccessfully to hold back the accusation from her voice. He looked down in guilt. “You shared your first kiss with her. You have a pact to have sex and she sits on your lap having meaningful conversations with you…and you’re saying that none of that means you have special feelings for her?”





He looked at her. “I don’t have feelings for her other than just friendship.”





Robin looked at the evidence of their meal at the table. She sighed and began cleaning it up.





“Well…” He said uncertainly. “I wish she wouldn’t have mentioned it. She should have never said anything. Now you think things that aren’t even true.”





“You should have told me, Jason!” It was the first time that she’d shown her anger at him. “I mean, god; your first kiss!” She threw away the food and angrily wiped up the mess of rice that hadn’t made it onto Jason’s fork or into his mouth. And then there was Amberly’s mess. She wasn’t the neatest person in the world, evidently, or else they’d had a food fight!





She felt Jason moving behind her and then he bumped the back of her knees, lightly boxing her in against the table with nowhere to go but to sit in his lap. She fell into him, attempting to brace herself against the arms of the chair and not looking very lady like as she flopped down. His arms snaked around her.





“Jason! Let me up.”





“I will.” He said. “In a minute. Just…look at me.” It took a moment before she could. “You have every right to be mad at me. And you’re right about one thing. Do you want to know which one thing you’re right about?” She nodded reluctantly. “There is something special between Amberly and myself.”





He stared at her deeply. “It’s called friendship. Until you, she was my best friend. I love Amberly and Link and Patty; but I’m in love with you. Now you asked me last night why; and I’m going to tell you right now. I love you because you and I are the same. None of my friends is more like me than you are. Link and I are both in wheelchairs, Amberly and I both have CP, Patty and I have our anger. But you and I, Sweetheart, we have pain.” He swallowed and watched her eyes closely. “You and I have pain. I want to take yours away, and you want to take mine away. And I want to open up to you and let you see me, and I feel like you want that too. Like…you want to drop the exterior, that protective coating that you use to get through life. Yeah. I love my friends; very much. But I’m in love with you.”





Robin felt herself sinking; sinking deeper into Jason; being so connected to him that she and he were suddenly just one. It was such a scary thing to feel love saturate you. She leaned in and placed her lips on his. He kissed her with more than lips and tongue, but with his breath and his soul and his heart.





“I love you, Robin.” He pulled himself away. “People don’t say it. But I have to say it, and touch you. I just have to. Even though we’re so new…and-and…other’s might think it’s too soon.” He was shaking his head and trying not to stutter. “It’s not. Because I say what I feel. Sometimes I’m stupid and I don’t think first. But when I knew I loved you, I told you. If I was in love with Amberly; I would have told her. Don’t you know that yet?”





She nodded. “I know it now.” She hugged him, holding him and not wanting to let him go, not even to put her lips back onto his and to kiss him. She just wanted to hold him and to feel his arms around her, holding her so tight that it almost hurt. But how did he know that she needed him to hug her so hard that it hurt? How did he understand that it was what she wanted?





“Can I play the song? The one that tells how I feel about you?”





She sat back anxiously. She wanted to hear the song; to see, with his vast knowledge of music, exactly which song he would select to represent his feelings for her. He wheeled them into the living room and pulled up to his studio.





Robin suddenly heard the opening music to a song that she’d never heard before; not necessarily a great feat since she didn’t have nearly the vast musical knowledge that Jason possessed. It was very pretty; a choral of voices singing repeatedly, ‘Everybody’s free.’ It sounded like children and they kept saying it over and over, ‘Everybody’s free,’ until finally they added these three words; ‘…to feel good.’





She gave him a curious look but his expression was almost solemn. She listened as a youthful voice took over. Later she learned it was Quindon Tarver’s Everybody’s Free. It was just one minute long but it said exactly what he felt she needed to know about how he felt for her.





“It’s okay, you know; to open up to me, to feel good, to be you. I’ve been waiting for you, Robin, to let me in, to not be afraid. I’m here.” She choked back tears and looked away. “I’m not going anywhere. That’s what I want to tell you. I’m going to be right here for you, no matter what.”





She didn’t know why she was suddenly sobbing. It wasn’t even a sappy love song; like Open Arms by Journey or some other such song; it didn’t even refer to love at all. And yet the song had made her feel that it was okay to let herself open up to him and to trust him.





He gently swiped away her tears. She smiled at him. It seemed he did that a lot for her. Wouldn’t he be surprised to know that she was not a cryer? She hadn’t even cried at her own father’s funeral.





“One day, are you going to tell me what has hurt you so badly?”





“I’ll…try.” Because she, herself, didn’t even know all of the things that had turned her into the Robin that needed to be invisible. “If you tell me about your parent’s.” She didn’t want to know the horrors that he suffered at the hands of his abusive Aids. But she wanted to understand his parent’s. If she was to be in his life then she would need to be armed with this knowledge…And it was also time for her to tell her mother about him.





“I’ll tell you, but not tonight. Tonight there has been too much sadness.” He reached past her and began tapping out something on the keyboard. “Now, you ready to hear a sappy love song? Because I have one of those picked out for you, too.”





She laughed. “Oh yes. I want to hear this.”





“Alright. Don’t laugh. But this is my sappy love song to you.”





Love by Musiq Soulchild began to play and she smiled instantly, recognizing this very beautiful song. When the song ended Jason was blushing furiously. “I will lose big time ‘man-points’ for that one. But then he smiled at her. “But it’s all true. This is how I feel about you.”





She knew she had a broad smile on her face. She sighed in contentment. “I loved it. Thank you Jason.” Sharing songs like this made her feel special.





“Tell me you love me,” he said.





“I love you.”





His eyes narrowed. “Why? Why do you love me? I was mean to you, and I’m crude. I curse too much, I’m sloppy. It’s not the prettiest sight watching me eat-”





“You know…now that you put it in that light; I actually don’t know.” She joked. “Okay,” she said after he finished scowling at her. “I love you because you’re strong. You take up for yourself. You don’t let people give you shit. And you say whatever you want to say and people just have to deal with it, because if they don’t you just won’t give a damn anyway. And under all of that, it’s very easy to see a guy that is caring and loving. The fact that you are talented, good looking and you have a super long tongue is also a plus.”





“My tongue?” He asked surprised.





“Your tongue is very very talented, my dear.” Her face was hot having talked dirty, not to mention that she had begun to tingle at the memory of his tongue on certain body parts.





“Oh shit…” He said suddenly.





“What’s wrong?”





“I have to tell you something else.” He cheeks were reddening. “Before we got together I had…sexual contact with a girl at a party.”





“You did? You weren’t a virgin?”





“No, I am—I was!” He gulped in embarrassment. “I…I just…you know, um, went down on a girl.”





Robin’s brow shot up and she stared at him in shock. “You put your mouth on some random woman’s coochie?”





“Um…I guess.”





“Damn, Jason. Is that what guy’s do? They just meet girls at parties and…do that?”





“I…don’t know. It was the first time that I ever did it.”





“Well…did you like it?”





“Um…I thought I did.”





“What does that mean?” She asked in a clipped voice. Damn, he could have lied and said he hated it!





“I thought it was something I liked until I had the real thing. Like...having feelings for you made doing that more meaningful than it had been with her. It’s like drinking a glass of skim milk when you can have whole milk instead.”





She frowned. “I’m the whole milk, right?”





“Yes! You’re the whole milk. The other girl was the skim milk.”





“Hmph. Some people prefer skim milk.”





“Not me. I like the thick creamy goodness that you can only get from the real thing.” He squeezed her eliciting a reluctant smile from her.





“Now, I told you. It’s your turn to tell me.”





“I’ve never done anything.”





“With anyone else, true. But you’ve done stuff with yourself, haven’t you?” It was less of a question then a request for confirmation.





“Oh! You’re a perv!” She tried to jump up but his hands tightened around her.





“You’re blushing.” He laughed. “You’re embarrassed. You’re so shy Robin. You don’t have to be shy with me. Say something dirty. I want you to be able to say anything in the world to me! Say…masturbate. I dare you.”





“Masturbate.” And then she blushed furiously.





“Good, Sweetheart. Now say…pussy.”





“No!” She gave him a surprised look. “What are you…FOUR??”





“Spell it, then. Just spell it if you can’t say it.”





“No, spelling it is just like saying it; spelling it sounds like saying it. Why do you want me to talk dirty? Do you get off on that?”





She should have known that asking him that question wouldn’t embarrass him. He just nodded. “Yes, hearing you talk dirty would get me hot. Definitely!” She tried not to blush and to listen to what he was saying; past her own embarrassment and reluctance.





“What do you want me to say to you?”





“I want you to say…lick my pussy, Jason. I want you to say; fuck me harder, Jason-”





She squirmed. “That last, you won’t ever hear.”





“Okay, probably not. But can you just say dick instead of penis? I mean, it’s a little more sexier.”





Her face was flaming. But it was a part of trusting him and being open. “Yes, I can say that. I can talk dirty if you want, but only in the bedroom, okay?” He nodded. She could tell that the topic had already begun making him horny, just by his movement beneath her bottom.





“Did you bring more clothes?” He asked hesitantly.





“Yes, in the trunk.” And her barely used bathing suit was packed in it as well.





“Go get it.”





“You’re going to let me up, now?” She asked sarcastically.





He grinned. “I guess.” He unlocked his hands and she stood and stretched.





“You haven’t walked at all today. Do you want to practice after I get my bag? We can go for a walk outside in the moonlight.”





“No.” He said. “I want to hear you talk dirty to me. And since you’ll only do it in the bedroom, that’s where I want to be.”





They got ready to turn in for the evening, Robin coming to Jason after her shower, water droplets still clinging to the hairs of her pussy. The first dirty words she said was when his tongue twirled and lapped and twisted between her thighs, capturing each drop of water and searching for the essence that lubricated her opening. And she cried out; ‘fuck fuck fuck…’ this said more for her own benefit then his; yet he still enjoyed hearing her expression of passion. The next was when they slipped on the condom and Jason pressed into her slick depths. He asked her how much further he should push into her. And her response had been’ ‘Go slow, but put your entire dick in me’.





He had gone slow and he had gotten his entire dick in her. She didn’t cry, either. As a matter of fact, she climaxed, clinging to him, too afraid to move her hips unless the exquisite pleasure transformed into pain. She shuddered as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her. He didn’t so much as gyrate his hips as he lay on top of her, buried deep within her clenching and vibrating pussy. She wailed and panted and groaned beneath him and he squeezed his eyes closed so tightly that he thought he’d see stars for a week after--until his face felt like it would break off. But he resisted the urge to pump his hips. He just trembled along with her, his wails and moans of pleasure mixing with hers until they both lay limply in each other’s arms.





Chapter 9





The next morning was filled with combing out Jason’s tangled hair after his bath, getting him shaved, sitting through a morning seizure, getting dressed for school, breakfast of scrambled eggs and of course, finding time to kiss before dashing off to school. It was Friday. Jason’s Mom would have normally come for her weekly visit but because of the party, again she would just come Saturday instead.





And of course there was the party; the one that Jason had spent no time preparing for.





Robin asked him, while they headed to class, if he was nervous about it. He shrugged. “I have so many mixes in my head, Sweetheart, I don’t need to practice. And Link and I know how to play off each other. So no, I have no worries. We’ll jam out after school for a few hours and be good to go.” Robin just watched him in admiration. She would be anxious and wired all day if she knew that she had a performance that night.





After his second class ended they saw Amberly waiting for them at the entrance of the school. Jason stiffened slightly. He was still smarting over the fact that she had told Robin about the pact and their first kiss.





“Hey guys.” She greeted them.





“Hey.” Jason said simply.





“Hey.” Robin responded. “So have you decided on what you’re wearing tonight?”





“Well, I have black leather pants that I’ve never worn. And I figured I could wear a tank top and leather jacket.” Robin couldn’t quite picture the small, petite girl in black leather. But she wouldn’t say anything about it.





“I don’t have a black leather jacket but I do have a black knit dress, and I can add leather boots.”





“Sounds good.” Amberly spoke. She peeked over at the silent Jason. “Did Robin tell you that we are coordinating our look to wear all black tonight?”





“Nope.” He said simply.





“Well I already told Patty to tell Link. We’ll be very cool looking.”





“Right.” Jason said.





“Okay.” Amberly hesitated. “I guess I’ll see you two tonight. Your place about seven, Top?”





“Whenever. I’ll be there.” He said, voice almost dismissive.





Amberly shambled away sadly.





Robin gave him a look. “What was that? If anyone should be mad at her it’s me.”





“I just wish she wouldn’t have said stuff.” He spoke. He didn’t know what purpose revealing the details of that stupid day served except to possibly drive a wedge between him and Robin. He had to wonder if that had been her motive. And that very well could have happened if Patty hadn’t called to tell him what was up.





“Where shall we go for lunch?” Robin asked as they headed for her car.





“Hmmm. You choose.” He said.





“Okay.” She drove to a popular bar and grill while Jason went through her CD’s. He then withdrew his MP3 player and plugged it into her CD player. She was surprised to hear alternative music coming from the speakers. She had to stop being surprised at his taste in music. Just because he mixed didn’t mean that he only listened to hip hop. He’d already introduced her to the Hip Hop Opera, and dubstep and he knew about Jazz.





Once they arrived at the restaurant, she didn’t bother to open the trunk, she just reached in the back for his crutches. He gave her a quick look. “We need to practice, babe. We haven’t walked in a few days.” He nodded and accepted the crutches. It was slow going and Robin thought he had a strained look on his face. She decided that they couldn’t take days off like that anymore. It had really set him back.





They were seated immediately. Robin lowered her menu. “Jason, I meant to tell you that my Mom and I are going on vacation at the end of the year.” She frowned. “What are we going to do about an Aid when I’m gone…or, god forbid, I get sick and need to take time off?” She was thinking about her ulcer. She knew that it would go away on its own but she didn’t know if she’d have a set back that might cause her to take a day or two off.





He was frowning now, too. “You’re going on vacation? For how long?”





“Close to two weeks; after Christmas.”





“Technically, I can get a backup. And if part of that time is during school break then it’s no big deal at all.” He gave her a long look. “Selfishly, though, I don’t want you gone for that long.” He was already dreading the weekends but two weeks without her?





She smiled softly. “Honestly, I don’t want to be gone that long, either.”





“Where are you going?”





“The Bahamas. This will be the first trip that my Mom’s taken since Daddy passed. She really wanted me to go with her and though spending that many days with my Mom won’t be easy, it’s kind of important.”





“I understand.” The waitress came by and took their orders. Afterwards Jason cleared his throat. “Have you told your mother about me?”





She watched him closely trying to gauge his expression but was unable to. “Just about you being my patient.”





He didn’t say anything for a few moments. “What do you think she will say about us?”





She considered all of the things that her mother would see; a boy that was white, younger than her, in a wheelchair, and with Cerebral Palsy. “Nothing good.” She spoke honestly.





He didn’t ask her to explain.





“What about your Mom?”





“I don’t think she will care. I’ll talk to her about it this weekend.” His mother was very cool in some respects…but she was also very overly protective. Right now, his thoughts were less on his mother and more on the fact that Robin had brought up a good point. If she needed time off, who would fill her shoes? Would he have to take a leave of absence from school? Would he have to take his chances without an Aid? What about his books and the laptop—the seizures were the least of his problems. His hands didn’t work well. If they did then he wouldn’t feel as if it took the precision of a micro surgeon to aim a wad of toilet tissue successfully to his bum. Without working hands he couldn’t plug in his laptop, retrieve his books, put away his books, he’d have to take a bus to and from school or depend on others to transport him.





The two of them were quietly contemplating their personal thoughts when a woman suddenly appeared at their table, smiling broadly. Robin returned the smile wondering if the older woman knew Jason.





“Hello there. I couldn’t help but notice you from our table.” She gestured a few tables over where a man was sitting; presumably her husband. He seemed embarrassed that his wife might be bothering them. Robin noted that Jason watched her with no sense of recognition.





The woman pressed her hands together and seemed to beam. “I just want you to know,” she said, speaking to Robin, “that I had a cousin that was like him. No one would ever treat him like family. They never even let him eat with us. When I was a child, I’d say, ‘why doesn’t Charlie eat with us?’ But they never wanted to talk about Charlie. Aunt Lois would take his meals up to his room and feed him there.” She turned to Jason, and leaned in. She talked loudly and slowly. “Honey, you have a nice day, and be a good boy to your caregiver.” Robin’s eyes got big at the woman’s awful statement. She couldn’t believe her presumptuousness! It was made worse when she reached out and patted Jason on the top of his wild red curls.





Jason was quiet; his lips a pale slash in his angry face. He lifted his hand and slowly gave the woman the finger. She looked at his hand as if he was offering it for her to shake, then she seemed confused that his one finger was raised. Suddenly there was a dawning realization and her mouth dropped.





“Uh…?” She looked back and forth from Robin to Jason who’s head was flopping around like crazy. He looked more like he had a mental disability than ever…well except for the light of intelligent anger in his narrowed green eyes.





“Fuck off you old bitch.” He spat out angrily.





Robin was so shocked by the venom behind his words that her own hands flew up to cover her mouth. The old woman looked as if Jason had thrown something at her. She stumbled away, back to her table. Jason’s hands were fists on the table top as he stared at nothing. Robin reached out and placed her hand over his.





“She put her fucking hands on me…” He was saying.





“Jason…” But the waitress suddenly appeared with their meal and Robin watched her anxiously, waiting for her to leave. Jason had a strange look on his face, he wouldn’t look at her, the food, the waitress, he just sat there angrily. He had moved his hand under the table so she was unable to touch him. “Are you okay?” She asked when the waitress was gone.





It took two attempts before he could speak clear enough for her to understand him. “I’m not okay. But I can’t (unintelligle) that (unintelligle) so fuck it.” It wasn’t as if he could whisper so his sharp words caught the attention of the table next to theirs. Robin avoided looking over at the older lady. She looked down at her plate of chicken tenders and began to eat quietly.





“What?” He finally asked, as if she had spoken, and of course she had, just without words. Disapproval was written all over her posture and silence.





Robin slowly put her half eaten chicken tender back onto her plate. “Baby…did you really have to curse her like that? I mean she was completely out of line, but-”





“You’re siding with her?!” Voice loud, though not yelling—yet loud enough to cause them to become the center of attention.





Robin’s skin began to prickle with the first signs of perspiration. “No!” She said in a hushed tone. “Don’t think that in a million years! That woman was a busybody. But she is also three times our age. I was just raised to show some respect to your elders, no matter how much of an asshole they are.”





Jason was staring at her. “I wasn’t ever taught that I had to show respect to a bigoted idiot! She thought I was mentally retarded because I have CP, but then she had the audacity to tell me I was! Fuck!” Oh god, he was so loud. Everybody was watching now.





“I’m sorry Jason.” She felt bad and unconsciously she gripped her churning stomach and began to quickly finish her meal. She should have just kept her mouth shut. Now he thought that she was saying he had no right to react the way he had, when all she had wanted to tell him was that there was another way to respond. He’d had an opportunity to teach that woman something, to show her that jerking muscles had no link to your mental ability and instead he had just lashed out.





Suddenly her IBS started to kick in and it was go to the bathroom now or never. She silently cursed the timing of this. Now it was like she was running away like she was a spoiled little girl that hadn’t gotten her way. “I have to go to the bathroom.” She said apologetically, then she jumped up quickly, darting to the restroom. In the stall she allowed her watery bowels loose. She felt nauseous as was often the case with irritable bowel syndrome. Of course she knew that it was anxiety that had caused it to kick in and it certainly wasn’t good for keeping the ulcer under control.





She heard someone rush into the restroom and then beat on her stall. “Hey! Are you the one with the retarded guy?! He’s having some type of fit!” Robin’s heart crashed against her ribcage in one large leap. She ran out of the restroom to see a crowd of people so dense that she could not see past them. She could not see Jason! She pushed past them and they parted for her.





Jason was on the floor kicking and clawing violently. It was a bad one. She’d never seen him thrashing so violently!





“Jason!” She dropped down next to him. A man was cursing and pacing back in forth.





“He bit me!” He held his hand to his chest. Blood had just begun to appear from the broken skin. Everything seemed to move in slow motion as her eyes rose to the man, holding his bloody hand. Then she was robotically turning Jason’s head to the side. His mouth was clenched and he was kicking violently. Once his head was turned to the side saliva began to dribble from his mouth.





“Please baby….” She rubbed his back gently. “Please…” His muscles slowly calmed and he went limp. She waited for his quick intake of breath; his gasp. But it didn’t come. He wasn’t purple, he was blue.





“Jason?!” He’s not breathing. He’s supposed to start breathing, it’s normal to lose your breath but it’s supposed to come back. “Breathe, Jason! BREATH!” Jason lay there limply on his side; dying.





Suddenly a waiter pushed past them. He reached down and grabbed Jason under his arms and lifted his limp body from the floor. The man’s strong arms went around Jason’s middle and with three sharp thrusts a partially chewed chicken tender flew from Jason’s mouth.





Oh god, he had been choking on food! But he still wasn’t moving. Robin watched as if through a pool of slow moving water, the way the waiter placed Jason back onto the floor. He turned his head to the side and used his finger to sweep out the inside of his mouth; which amounted to the last bits of partially chewed food.





Then the man placed him onto his back and began to administer CPR. Robin stared numbly. Jason was dead. Jason’s not moving. He’s blue, he’s not breathing…





There was a loud gulp from his still body and then he was suddenly sucking in air. He reached up blindly and began clawing weakly at his throat. The waiter backed away as Robin lunged forward and gripped Jason into a tight hug.





“Breath, baby, I’m here. Breathe.” After a moment, his ragged breathing calmed and he lay limply in her arms, but at least he was breathing even if he still hadn’t completely regained consciousness, he breathed. Someone was making the crowd move away, but Robin could barely tell how she knew this as her attention was so intent on the semi conscious young man.





She was shaking so badly that she was almost having a seizure herself. That was the first thing that Jason knew when he regained consciousness; that he was laying on the floor and that Robin was holding him and sobbing. He remembered her dashing off to the bathroom and then he remembered the chicken tender going down the wrong pipe. He was coughing and trying to bring it up and then the seizure. That was the end of his memory until he awoke in Robin’s arms.





He reached up weakly, hugging her. “Robin?” She pulled back enough to look at him frantically. Jason saw that several of the restaurant’s staff was crouched on the floor with them, talking and trying to get them up. But Robin was staring at him with wide, shocked eyes.





“You stopped breathing.” She spoke in a stilted tone.





He gave her a weak smile. His throat hurt and so did his ribcage. Jeez…He had choked bad.





Robin allowed someone to help her to her feet, but Jason could plainly see from where he was struggling to sit up on his own that something was wrong with her.





“Sweetheart?”





But then they were suddenly ushered from the room; Jason was given assistance with his crutches and the two were shown to an office. Papers were signed while Jason craned towards Robin. She stood stiffly, her eyes too big for her face.





“Robin?” Her eyes swung to his but she didn’t respond.





Papers were offered for them to sign and before they knew it, they were being ushered out the back entrance with two gift cards in their hands. Jason reached out for her hand.





“I can’t.”





He frowned. “You can’t, what?”





She couldn’t do this. She wasn’t equipped for this type of job. She wrung her hands and headed for the car. Jason stood there and so Robin had no choice but to return to his side.





“Jason, I can’t take care of you. You almost died because I left you alone!”





So that was it. “Baby, that always happens-”





She threw her hands up. “No! Not like that!” Her eyes bulged as she got in his face. “That waiter in there gave you CPR and revived you! You were dead…” The last word cracked and she took a step back. Jason’s mouth was gaped open. The two were behind the mall area where there were just parking, and thankfully no people.





He wheeled forward. “No, honey. I wasn’t dead. You said breathe. I heard you say breathe.”





She paused. Doubt appeared on her face. He’d heard her? Jason watched her with clear eyes. He had not heard her. He never had a memory of the events that occurred while he was seizing. But he knew her. After weeks of seizures he knew that she would tell him to breathe. He held out his hand again.





She shook her head, appealing to him. “Please get another Assistant, Jason. I can’t do this-”





“Do you love me?”





“Yes!”





“Then who will be a better Assistant then you?”





She tried not to look at him as the tears splashed from her eyes. She swiped them away angrily while staring into the sky. “Someone who is not so fucking stupid.”





“Robin.” After a moment she looked at him. He had a sad look on his face. “You’re not stupid. You just did what anyone else would do; you panicked. Sweetheart, how many times have you helped me?”





“But not when it mattered!” When it mattered she had just stood there watching him die. Tears splashed down her face. She couldn’t do this! She couldn’t be responsible for killing him because she did stupid things like run off to the bathroom, or fall asleep, or even leaving him unattended in a car…





She hurried to her car and opened it. Jason had a pained look on his face and he was pale with the beginning of bruises appearing beneath his eyes. But he didn’t say anything as Robin helped him to sit. But once she was inside he reached out and placed his hand on her leg.





“Robin…” He took a deep breath which dragged raggedly through his lungs, but his gaze was steady on her. “I know that this…job is stressful. You have an ulcer to think about. Your health is the most important thing. If…” He cleared his throat. “If you can’t deal with this then I understand. I understand.”





His words were like a splash of cold water. Not able to deal? It wasn’t her ulcer. Jesus, she’d messed up again. Now he thought that she was bailing because of his disorders. Robin took a deep breath and placed her hand on his.





“Jason, you don’t think that I’m saying that I don’t want to be with you, do you?”





He looked at her and after a moment gave her hand a slight squeeze. “Maybe you should reconsider that too, Robin. I won’t blame you, Sweetheart, if you want to break up-”





“No!” Her grip tightened on his. “I’m not leaving you. I just found you!”





The sadness was still present on his face though he offered her a shaky smile. “Whether you are my assistant or not, these are the problems that will always follow me. As my girlfriend, you are still going to be exposed to these things.”





“I didn’t mean it.” She whispered. “Jason, that’s not what I meant.” It crushed her that she had hurt him. And she could clearly see that he didn’t accept her words. She would have to struggle to find the right way in which to explain. “Jason, when I fell in love with you I never once thought about you having CP, or being in a wheel chair. I didn’t think about your seizures, I just wanted to be with you.” He watched her closely, searching for the lie in her words.





He smiled. “If you don’t want to be my aid-”





“Shh! I was hysterical, but I’m okay now.” She leaned forward and kissed him and he scooped her close and returned the kiss.





He pulled back and looked at her. “You don’t have to do this-”





“I know.” They just stared at each other and then Jason nodded. “But I want to. I really do.”





“Okay.”





“Okay.” She started the car and they drove in silence for a while.





“I’m sorry about…what I said to the old lady. You were right. I could have handled it differently.” He could have said a lot worse and would have if Robin hadn’t been there. But he would never tell her that.





When she thought about all that was wrong with her; the fact that she didn’t stand up for herself, that she held things in until she made herself sick and the way Jason stood up for himself, spoke his mind, she felt stupid for even suggesting that he be different. Look at her. She was a freaking mess. “No Jason, I’m sorry. Who am I to tell you how to-”





“Someone who’s opinion I respect a great deal. That’s who you are. And I’m willing to listen to what you have to say.” Jason knew that Robin had been right. No one had ever taught him that there was a certain way that he should speak to people. His mother had been so wracked with guilt that her son had accepted the abuse of his Aids without telling her that she had taught him to lash out in anger; because his anger would be his protection. And then the Aid had fallen down the stairs because of his angry approach, and the only thing his mother had said was, ‘she got what she deserved.’ This approach was all that Jason knew. And he knew that he was very fucked up in his own right.





Chapter 10





They were late and so had to hurry to rehab. Thankfully they were much too late to have time for the Jacuzzi, as Robin felt very little desire to saunter around in her bathing suit. Jason quickly changed in the locker room and Raymond didn’t chastise him for his tardiness once looking at the tension that was evident between the two of them. Robin looked like she had been crying and Jason looked like someone had straight up bitch smacked him. He hoped the two would make it. Jason had been through a lot in his life and if that sweet, mild mannered girl was still here with him, then maybe it was mean to be.





Raymond unstrapped the braces from the young man’s legs and then froze. He and Jason exchanged looks.





“Your joints are badly swollen.”





“No shit.” Jason responded. Raymond ran his hands up both legs, over his feet and ankles and then had him lay on his side where he examined his hips. He had him sit up and then Raymond gripped his legs in his big strong hands and bent it, rotating the knee cap.





Jason grimaced and bit back a cry, his eyes were tightly squeezed. Robin moved forward from the seat that she had selected next to Raymond’s desk and stood next to Jason.





“What’s wrong with his legs?”





Raymond was glaring at Jason. “You need to see an orthopedic specialist. You need to be fitted for leg braces meant for walking.” He turned to Robin, holding one of the knee braces. “This is for standing, to keep his knees straight. Not for walking correctly.” He looked at Jason again. “And since you’re off the Baclofen your legs have weakened a lot.”





“Baclofen?” Robin asked. “What is Baclofen?”





No one said anything. Raymond moved to get heating pads which he placed on Jason’s knees. Finally he spoke. “Did you tell her that you used to be able to walk? Without crutches?”





Robin gave Jason a shocked look. But he wouldn’t meet her eyes. He was staring sullenly at his knees. Finally he spoke. “I learned to walk the way any toddler does. It took me longer and I limped and fell more often. But I walked the way Amberly does. By the time that I was about seven the seizures got worse until I was losing consciousness and I got a wheelchair so that it was more convenient. My mom would go to work and the Aid I had would keep me tied in bed or to the chair for the whole day. I didn’t ever think to tell her…it just seemed sort of like, what I had to do; like getting the shots, taking the medicine. So she didn’t know.” He met Robin’s eyes. “I don’t blame my mom for that. She blames herself. But it was just convenient for her to wheel me around. She never understood that I had lost those muscles. Then when she would have me walk, I was on my tiptoes.”





Raymond was massaging Jason’s feet and he interjected. “When a person is restricted to a wheelchair they have to have physical therapy to keep the muscles limber. Once they atrophy it can never be undone. All that can be done is to surgically release them. In other words, to cut them. Jason’s muscles had to be cut so that his legs could straighten and his feet could flatten. That’s what he means when he says that he was on his tiptoes.”



Robin reached out and gripped his hand. So this was the story that he had not wanted to tell her. How much she wished that he had not had to live it in order to tell her. “How many surgeries?”





“Three in all.” Jason said.





“This,” Raymond said, “is a sign for number four.”





Robin’s grip tightened on Jason’s hand. “What about this Baclofen? What did it do for Jason?”





Raymond and Jason exchanged looks and Jason waved his hand for him to tell the story since he had already told all of his business.





“Baclofen is what gave Jason his legs back. It’s what allowed him to walk again with the use of crutches.”





“Well,” her eyes were excited as she looked at Jason. “Start taking it again.”





“My mother had the pump removed.” There was a bitter look to his face. “She took my legs again.”



***





Robin learned that The Baclofen pump was a device that sent a continuous deposit of medication directly into the spinal column, with the intent of reducing the spasticity in legs. Once he started taking the drug the results were immediate. He not only gained muscle strength and mass, it also helped with his speech. Baclofen was not a cure for Cerebral Palsy. There was no cure for the disorder. But it did help with the muscle symptoms associated with it, and that was not just confined to his legs.





But one of the side effects of the drug is light headedness. There were others including nausea, double vision, sleepiness. But when Jason fell one time too many, his mother had the medicine stopped and the port removed. When she took his legs this second time, Jason could not forgive her. His plan had been to live at home while he went to college. Instead he found his own place. He walked despite the lack of Baclofen…but then he fell into the glass table and his mother took away his walking braces.





Robin’s face burned in anger. “She doesn’t control you anymore Jason! You’re over eighteen.”





“She controls the insurance that pays for it. She controls the money that allows me to have Aids and to go to school. What the State doesn’t pay, she does.” He was nodding his head regretfully. “Yeah, she controls a lot. Besides, using Baclofen requires a big commitment on the part of my support person because Baclofen is potentially deadly and it is very easy to overdose. It has to be monitored and the adjustments to the medicine can sometimes occur multiple times during the week. The tube can come undone and dump into my system. With my seizures that’s a big risk…”





She found herself not liking Mrs. Hamilton very much. Maybe now that she was in the picture, she could show her that he would be safe…And then Robin remembered that she was probably the last person that Jason should trust with a major risk like that.





It had been a long day. Both Jason and Robin left rehab weary; both mentally and physically. Jason made an appointment with the orthopedic specialist and they drove home too tired to do anything more than listen quietly to the radio.





Robin retrieved the wheelchair from the trunk wordlessly. He wasn’t to do anymore walking until after he’d seen the specialist. In his apartment Jason froze and looked around slowly.





“What?” Robin asked. She was slow to shut the door, unsure if Jason had sensed a break-in or something.





“My mother’s been here.” He wheeled quickly to the kitchen. Robin followed and noted that the room now smelled of Pine Cleaner. Jason was taking stock of the refrigerator’s contents and he cursed under his breath. He immediately reached for his cell phone from his pants pocket.





“Mom?” He spoke into the phone. “Were you over here today?” Jason listened. “Well I thought I told you to come Saturday-” Robin could clearly hear his mother yelling at him and then she hung up on him. He scowled and replaced the phone. He looked at Robin. “She said that she had a life too and maybe she wanted to do something more with her Saturday than to come over here and clean and shop for me. Then she hung up.” He made a dismissive sound and wheeled into the bedroom.





“She didn’t see the braces or crutches because we had them.” Robin said. Jason was holding the trash basket in his hands.





“Yeah, but now she knows about you…I didn’t have time to dump the condom from last night.” Robin’s stomach crashed. The basket was now empty, the condom gone. Jason wheeled to the bedside table and opened the top drawer. He lifted the box of condoms for her to see. “I can guarantee you that she went searching for these.” He said angrily. “She needs to stay the hell out of my business.”





Robin’s eyes got big and she hurried to the bathroom. The trash there was empty as well. She’d tossed the first, unused condom there. The stabbing pain in her stomach was unlike the usual and she absently rubbed her side.





Jason was watching her curiously. “Have you taken your medicine?” She shook her head. “Robin…”





“I’ll take it now.”





They quickly moved through Jason’s toiletry. And after, though she would have liked nothing more than to crawl into Jason’s freshly made bed, she left, promising to return before eight. She needed a nap and the time to put things into perspective.





For once Jason didn’t object. They kissed briefly and then he made a bath for himself. He wanted to soak his sore muscles. He felt as if he’d been run over by a freight train.





Chapter 11





Robin napped later than she had expected. But it was a well needed rest. As she showered, she indeed had placed things into perspective. She would just work harder. She wasn’t going to back away because of what happened today. She would prove to Jason that she was strong and someone that he could depend on. Then if he got to the point where he wanted that port again, he would see that she would be the support system that he could depend on.





She put on a black dress that pulled across her curves in a sexy way. It was cut just above the knees and usually she wore the matching jacket which gave it a very professional look. Without it, it was more sexy than professional. She pulled on black nylons and black leather boots. And then for a change she put on makeup.





When she got to Jason’s his friends were already there and she could hear beats coming from the closed door. She used her key to let herself in, remembering the consequences of doing this before but dismissing it and focusing on getting through this night.





Everybody stared at her when she came inside, and she wanted to just walk out the door before she remembered that she was dressed up and that was probably the reason…probably.





Amberly grinned at her from her seat on the couch, and Jason pushed back his headphones, his eyes scanning her form in appreciation.





“Wow, Sweetheart!” Peter said. “You look great.”





She blushed and came inside. Belinda was the one that had her attention, though. She looked great in her corset! There was nothing androgynous about her now. Her auburn hair was softly spiked, her makeup was bright wine colored lips and vibrant eye shadows instead of the usual harsh black lines that she used whenever she thought to wear makeup. The cat suit was the perfect complement to the corset as it concealed most of her pale flesh, allowing the corset itself to become the star instead of her nudity beneath it. If not for the ankle length skirt she could have come off as an Amazon warrior. Instead she was a sexy mysterious woman.





“Belinda…I had no idea that it would like that good on you.” Belinda awkwardly crossed the room and pulled her into the kitchen.





“Are you sure that I look alright?”





“Didn’t Peter tell you in a million ways?” Belinda’s eyes dropped. Her eyes suddenly rose and sought out Robin’s.





“Don’t be mad at me for telling. I’m sorry…but I’m not sorry.” Robin frowned at that statement. “I’m sorry that I might have broken your trust in me and it might be something I’ll never get back.” She watched her closely. “But I had to take that chance.”





Robin shrugged after a moment. “It’s not up to you to keep my secrets. That’s my job.” Belinda was aware that Robin hadn’t quite said whether or not the trust between them was gone, but she didn’t seem angry so that was something.





“You look great by the way.” She said while giving her arm a gentle squeeze. Robin looked down self-consciously and thanked her.





They returned to the living room and Robin stared at Jason, who was the only one not wearing black. Link was even wearing black jeans and a black turtleneck with blackout sunglasses resting atop his blonde hair.





Amberly was wearing a ridiculous oversized leather jacket, tight jeans and a t-shirt which somehow made her look like Sandy from the movie GREASE. And although when Robin first saw the movie the look was cool and sexy, some fifteen years later it was just sad.





But Jason was wearing a bright yellow jumpsuit. She just stared at him in confusion.





“Jason, why are you wearing a yellow jumpsuit? You look like Uma Thurman from KILL BILL.”





Everybody laughed. “Not KILL BILL.” Jason said while wheeling from behind his studio. He took her hands and lightly pulled her forward so that he could kiss her. “GAME OF DEATH; the Bruce Lee movie. Quentin Tarrantino did a tribute to Bruce Lee by putting the costume into KILL BILL but it’s not Uma’s it’s Bruce’s.





“God…you are a nerd.” She said playfully. She glanced at Amberly and saw the younger woman watching them closely before quickly shifting her gaze away. She figured that Jason had purposely not worn black just to spite the girl. Well, she wouldn’t concern herself with them. Her life was becoming cluttered with things that were more important to her.





The party atmosphere that had been present last week definitely wasn’t present this week. Jason and Peter created beats that made Robin want to leap up and find a recording studio for them to sell their work! But Amberly was more subdued and she sat on the couch quietly, sometimes dancing in her seat, but mostly just listening. And Patty was not up mimicking break dance moves. There was some definite tension between she and Peter and Robin could clearly feel it.





The couple didn’t shoot well meaning jibes and sarcasms back and forth. Peter would glance at her from the corner of his eyes and Belinda just pretended to ignore him all together. Uh oh…did he not give her the right compliment on her look? She couldn’t believe that would be possible. She looked absolutely wonderful.





The girls chatted amongst themselves about the most benign subjects; music, the weather, Halloween next week. She was never so happy for it to finally be time to leave. While they climbed into the van, Peter said something to Belinda but she ignored him and slammed the door shut behind her. He just sat there in his wheelchair with a strange look on his face; sadness? Regret, anger? Robin couldn’t place it. Robin and Jason exchanged looks and he shrugged imperceptibly.





When they arrived Robin helped carry speakers, which were large and unruly but light weight. She gave the man at the door a long look and he looked away quickly. Belinda disappeared inside without helping with anything and Amberly tagged along with the guys, helping them to connect the things that she could with her slow moving hands.





The partiers were anxious for them to get started and for the pre-recorded top forty songs to end. Peter began with some scratches and the crowd quietly listened, almost enthralled by his talent. Robin grinned at Jason who looked phenomenal in the jumpsuit. He had donned a goofy red and black athletic headband and it was holding back his wild red hair that she had worked so hard to detangle earlier that morning. He winked at her and two girls standing next to her gave her surprised looks. She beamed, proud to be the recipient of that wink.





Belinda returned, holding a cup of some dark colored drink. Coca Cola and Hennessey most probably. She was dancing sensually to the beat of the mix. And then Jason joined in with his rhythm. It got funky sounding and people got to dancing. Robin swayed to the rhythm and Amberly removed a camera and began filming.





Robin took the time to really look at the crowd of party-goers. Omicron house was big but there were just a few rooms, and everyone was trying to crowd into this main one. Some that had no chance of making it in danced and swayed or made movements close to dancing and swaying on top of tables or the sofa’s. Omicron house was bringing in good money because the place was packed!





Belinda left once again for a refill on her drink. When she left the third time, Robin followed her. Belinda was shaking her head, already obviously tipsy.



“No, Robin. No drinking, it’s going to kill your ulcer.”





Robin reached for a bottled water. “I wasn’t going to drink. I meant it when I said that I was done with it.” She recalled the hangover and severe illness she experienced after her first time being drunk and had no intentions of revisiting it, especially considering that the sharp pain in her side hadn’t let up at all since it had appeared hours ago. “But you should slow down. We’ve only been here little over an hour and you’re starting your third drink.” Belinda ignored her comments.





“Come on. Jason told me to keep my eyes on you. Let’s go back and dance.” She gave Belinda a surprised look but followed the woman back into the main room, happy that Belinda was big enough to shove them a path back to the front of the room.





A lot of very good looking guys approached her, but she shyly shook her head no, each time peeking at Jason who was too busy mixing music to notice. Guys and girls were approaching Belinda as well. Most times she kept dancing oblivious to whoever was talking to her, but sometimes Robin caught her grinding against whoever was next to her, moving erotically on the dance floor.





Peter was busy scratching and mixing music, but not too busy to notice. And his strained expression was evidence to his dislike of the situation. What was going on between them?





Amberly was getting knocked around by the crowd as she tried to change out the tape on her camera. Robin helped her, as her fingers moved quicker.





“What’s going on with Belinda and Peter?” She asked.





Amberly just shook her head. “They were like that when I got to the apartment. They must have been fighting.”





Robin kept her eyes on Belinda and her drinking, but she also began to warm up to the crowd and to jam to the music. It was during the second hour that she heard the familiar beat for the Wheels of Steels hit; MORE LOVE. Everyone whooped and she was surprised herself. She thought that since the group was technically broken up that they would only play new music. Robin closed her eyes and felt herself being carried away by the song that had first awakened her to Jason. She never thought that she could allow herself to become lost in a crowd, but it was easy; especially when all eyes were on Peter and Jason and not on her. And so she allowed herself to dance to herself, feeling the music move her.





Amberly nudged her quickly. She opened her eyes feeling disoriented but the petite girl was pointing to the stage. She looked up quickly, expecting Jason to be having a seizure or something. But it was Peter, not having a seizure but pointing at her. He cupped his hands around his mouth and was mouthing something. She strained to understand. He repeated what he was mouthing. Where is Belinda. That is what he was saying.





Robin looked around quickly. Shit. Belinda was gone. She looked back to Link and raised her hands, indicating that she didn’t know. She pointed to herself and pointed out towards the other room, indicating that she would find her. Link nodded quickly, resuming with his part of MORE LOVE. She headed to the bar, looking around for the tall corseted woman. And while there were throngs of people there, drinking what their share of the twenty-five dollar entrance price allotted them, none of those people was Belinda.





She pushed her way through the room, but it was like weaving through a sea of bodies. Someone stepped on her foot and she yelped, someone else pushed past her and she thought she was going to hit the floor. Damn, this was no fun! What was fun about a crowd of drunken people?! Then she felt something brushing against her ass and she narrowed her eyes and looked around. She couldn’t figure out who had done it and so was forced to just keep moving.





Robin was afraid to go outside since they hadn’t stamped her. She was just not willing to risk a repeat of last week. She did ask some people coming in if they had seen a six foot tall woman wearing a corset. And someone had asked what the punch line was.





She turned back around and threaded her way back through the room. She passed Amberly who indicated that she hadn’t had seen her but was going to check the bathrooms next. Robin offered to check upstairs. It was much less crowded upstairs and she moved quickly from room to room opening doors to the sight of half nude people making out—always surprised that they never locked them. In the third room she found Belinda making out with a guy. She was so drunk that she was half knocked out and Robin’s first thought was that the guy had slipped Rohypnol into her drink. She was about to go off before she realized that Belinda was a very willing participant as she was busily tugging off the guy’s pants.





“Belinda.” Robin said in embarrassment. “You need to come with me!”





“No,” she said. Then she pulled the guy back down to her. He was looking back and forth from the two women, seeming a bit unsure.





“Belinda…” Robin began to wring her hands trying to think of some way to get her out of this room and away from this big mistake that she was about to make.





“This isn’t the way. Um…passing the AIDS just because you’re angry. This boy doesn’t want your disease.” The boy violently pushed Belinda away and hiked up his pants. He was cursing up a storm and pushed past Robin and out the door. Belinda just lay on the messy, unmade bed staring at the ceiling.





“What are you doing?” Robin sat down next to her. “Are you trying to push Peter away?!”





“Fuck Peter.” She said while pulling herself up to a sitting position. “It’s all about dick, right? I can get that from anyone.” Robin shook her head.





“What are you talking about?”





Belinda licked her lips, removing the last traces of what remained of her lipstick. “After I left you the other day, I called Peter to come get me. I was so…excited for him to see that I could be pretty.”





“He didn’t like it?” Robin asked softly.





“No. He loved it. He couldn’t keep his hands off of me. We did it all night long. Then when I was lying in his arms, I asked him.” Belinda looked at her. “You know, about us being in a relationship.” Belinda sighed and pressed her fingers to her eyes. Wetness appeared on her fingers, along with a smear of mascara.





“What did he say?”





Belinda frowned. “He said that if he wanted to be in a relationship, then I’m the person that he’d want to be in one with. But that’s not what he wants.” Belinda covered her face. “I was so embarrassed Robin,” she sobbed. I just lay there for the rest of the night wishing that I could disappear, or get swallowed up by the earth.”





Robin rubbed her shoulders, feeling the girl’s pain. “Oh Belinda.” Belinda sniffed back her tears and wiped under her eyes, removing any hint of smudging.





“I’m done with him.”





“No, don’t say that. You two are so good together.”





“Robin…I thought he could love me. I thought I could make myself into the type of girl that he could love. But I can’t. So fuck it. I’m done with it and I’m done with him.” Belinda stood up and walked to the door.





“He loves you. He told me to come find you.”





She snorted. “He just misses the fact that he lost his cocksucker.” Robin’s face flamed at the harshness of her words. She followed Belinda out the door and stopped her before she reached the bottom of the stairs. Belinda looked at Robin’s hand on her wrist and she quickly removed it.





“Just…” Belinda said, “tell him I found another way home.”





“Let me take you home, Belinda. Or let Amberly.”





“No.” She turned and walked away. “I’m out of the five musketeers. You fuckers are on your own.” And then she disappeared into the crowd. Robin returned to where Jason and Peter were. Amberly was giving her an expectant look. She leaned in and gave the girl the shortened version of the story; She and Peter were broke up and Belinda was leaving.





“We can’t let her leave! She’s drunk!”





And she was also bigger than the both of them…who was going to stop her?





Peter caught Robin’s eyes, something that she had wanted to avoid for as long as possible. Robin just watched him. He turned to Jason and said something. Jason nodded and then Link wheeled from the stage and toward her and Amberly.





“Where is she?”





“She left.”





Peter sat there frozen. “With someone?”





“I don’t know, Peter. I don’t know.” Robin said. “When I saw her she was alone.”





“But?” Peter added. “There is a ‘but’ isn’t there? That’s her plan, isn’t it?” His brow furrowed when she didn’t answer and he frowned, eyes narrowing angrily. He spun around in his wheelchair and moved back up to the stage area, ignoring anyone that tried to speak to him.





Jason looked over at her in confusion. She just looked at him helplessly.





When the gig was over Peter silently took down the equipment. Robin stood back and allowed Jason to bask in the glory of his fans. She and Amberly helped with carting things back to the van along with some of the bigger Omicron Frat brothers. Belinda was nowhere to be seen and Peter made no attempt to search for her.





Chapter 12





They rode home in silence. Peter never said one word. Once everyone was out of the van he pulled away quickly. Amberly didn’t linger, just told them goodbye and got into her own car and drove off. Jason wheeled to his apartment but Robin was slow to follow.





“Jason, instead of coming in, I think I’ll just go home. It’s been a long day.”





He paused and then nodded. “Ok. I was hoping that you’d sleep over. Since my Mom won’t be coming over in the morning…” He was thinking that it was the first opportunity that they’d have to snuggle in each other’s arms without having to rush around for school the next morning.





“You’re not tired of me yet?” She asked sheepishly.





“Not hardly. But if you start feeling as if I’m crowding you…” They were both obviously conscious of their earlier disagreement.





“I don’t feel that way!” She said quickly.





He grinned in relief. “Okay, let’s go home.” He loved saying that. Home.





Robin got them bottled water, yawning as she stepped out of her clothes and draped them onto his bedroom chair. He came out of the restroom, minus the bright yellow jumpsuit. He looked so sexy with or without it. With no braces, he just slid himself onto the bed, and Robin pulled back the covers, but instead of draping them back over him she left the both of them uncovered. She liked looking at him nude. She liked his pale skin with its covering of brown freckles. She liked the crisp golden red pubic hair that covered his groin and the way the hair left a trail starting from his belly button that ended in a fine covering over his testicles. She especially liked looking at his beautiful penis-dick…that’s what he wanted to hear. She felt her cheeks warm as she watched it laying semi erect against his thigh.





She lay her head on his folded arm and just watched him. His breathing soon became even and steady and before either of them knew it they had both fallen asleep just like that.





Robin groaned softly. She was having the best dream ever. Jason was doing wonderful things to her body. Her hips rolled slowly, sensually as she felt his fingers slip between her slick pussy lips. And then there was a gentle draw on her nipple and Robin woke with a gasp.





But it was no dream. Jason’s lips had covered her nipples, drawing on them gently until her back arched with a soft groan. His fingers wiggled between her thighs and she jerked and cried out. Her fingers sought him then, wrapping around his hardness.





She felt him pause before his head came up quickly to her face where he quickly caught her lips with his. He kissed her urgently as he pressed into her hand. Jason’s fingers were at her nipples, plucking and gripping them, tugging and stretching the sensitive flesh. Robin’s other hand found the flat of his nipple and she mimicked the move.





Jason’s body quickly began to tremble and he cried out repeatedly as his body jerked. She knew that he liked his nipples touched. She released his dick and moved down the bed until her lips were circling his little hard nipples, her hand giving attention to the other.





“Mhmmm…” He moaned. “Robin…I’m going to cum, stop…”





She looked up. “Then cum.” Then she covered his other nipple.





His back suddenly arched and he cried out loudly. “No! I want to cum with you!” But his fist had already closed around his wet cock, body jerking as he roughly brought himself to orgasm. He continued to jerk long after he’d cum because Robin continued to lap and nip and tug his hard nipples. And then Jason’s chest started rising and falling rapidly as he began growing hard again and Robin finally released him.





He almost seemed to deflate as his body collapsed on the bed. She sat up. “I’ll go get tissue.”





But he pulled her back down. “No. There is going to be more wet spots.” He used the sheet to clean the semen from his belly. She peeked at this alarm clock. It was just after seven. Mmmm, it would be nice to luxuriate in bed all morning with her man. She reached towards one of the bottled waters that she had left on the table the night before and Jason handed it to her after unscrewing the top. She took a long drink of the tepid, yet thirst quenching fluid and offered it to Jason who finished it off.





He reached for one of the condoms, ripping it open with his teeth. He was thinking about how they’d gotten his entire dick inside the last time and how nice it would feel to do that again but maybe this time he could actually move and maybe she would too, and then his dick jumped and he rolled the condom down over it.





She thought fleetingly of the birth control pills that lay unopened in her bedside drawer. The doctor had said that she could start them after her next period ended. She was due to get it next week. Then she thought that she and Jason should do this as much as possible before they had to take their brief hiatus during her cycle.





Robin didn’t even ask which position. She sat up and draped her leg over his body until she was straddling him. He scooted up the bed and positioned the pillows behind him so that he could be propped up against the headboard.





She came up on her knees, hovering over his bobbing cock. She was so ready for him that when she spread her legs she felt her honey drip from her body, watching the way Jason’s eyes were glued to the sight of her pussy and knew that he was staring at the dewy trail that streamed down her inner thighs.





Jason’s eyes were hooded as he watched her juices, his teeth capturing his lower lip as he absently worked it. He pictured his mouth lapping her, drinking her in and yet if he moved to satisfy that urge he would miss what she intended to do with his dick. He reached out and gripped her hips wanting her to take him in her hands and push him into that wonderfully tight opening of hers. His eyes closed momentarily as the image alone almost overwhelmed him.





And then Robin had him in her grip and she was gently guiding him inside of her. This part was something that she had learned to love; the feel of him parting her swollen wet flesh. It was always good when the tip entered her because he touched something inside of her that even her own fingers could not locate. But then her pussy would close over his head as if this part of her body claimed him.





It was then that she would begin to allow him to slip further inside of her and that the promise of pleasure began to quicken her movements. With soft cries of pleasure Robin rolled her hips and allowed the feelings to multiply. And then he was half way inside of her and yet it still felt good. Behind the pleasure was a hint that there could be pain but that hadn’t yet happened.





She became daring and allowed her hips to pump quickly. Jason threw his head back and gripped the sheets, but he also worked his hips in an attempt to match hers. She wondered fleetingly if his hips hurt but if they did he didn’t seem to notice or care.





It was only halfway in and it was the best feeling in the world. Her mouth was open and she didn’t realize the soft wail of pleasure that was coming from her. Yessss…this is what sex was about! This is the reason for everything; this unbelievable pleasure!





Jason’s arm moved around her hips so that he could draw her closer. And Robin wrapped her arms around his neck, their bodies pressed as closely together as possible. She was up on her knees, half of Jason’s dick inside of her and she wanted to lower herself onto the rest of him. Jason clung to her, a silent promise not to move until she had lowered herself the rest of the way. It took every bit of his willpower to stay still but inch by pleasurable inch she allowed more of him inside of her; stretching her body impossibly until finally she was pelvis to pelvis with him.





She didn’t realize that she was still making the soft groans of pleasure and when she did she concentrated on his love moans so as not to become embarrassed. She realized Jason’s moans were words and partial phrases jumbled together into sighs and gasps. It was so hot listening to him that she suddenly got why he wanted her to talk sexy.





She squeezed her eyes closed and thought about his murmurings and slowly began to rock her hips. When it didn’t hurt she pulled back until she’d released several inches of Jason’s dick before thrusting forward, gobbling him up again.





Jason grunted and threw his head back. “Fuck….Robin!” He gripped her rounded ass and held her against him so that he could help pump his hips. And then they were doing it, fucking, pumping thrusting. Robin’s breath was coming in high fast spurts and Jason knew that she was able to take him all!





“Oh my god.” Came a woman’s voice from the doorway.





Jason almost choked on his beating heart. “Mom!”





Robin tried to scramble off of Jason but he absolutely wouldn’t let her. He held her in place with iron clad arms. Robin didn’t know what to do. She had this woman’s son’s dick buried inside of her and she was too distraught to even turn to look at her.





“It’s you!” Mrs. Hamilton screamed. “I should have known! Get out!” Robin tried to scramble up again. But Jason pulled her closer until she was pressed tightly against his chest.





“No Mom, you go! Get out! Now!” He was screaming at her. A short few seconds later the front door slammed shut.





Robin was shaking. “Let me go, Jason! Why won’t you let me go?!”





“I will, I promise. Just wait…” He spoke in a soothing voice; so different from the way that he had just spoken to his mother. “There was no need for you to be jumping up and trying to run away when she was standing in the doorway. Where were you going to go, huh?”





Okay, that made sense. “She saw me naked!” Robin wailed.





“No, not really…but she would have if you had jumped up. Shhh, just calm down. Don’t move.” He reached between them and carefully withdrew his limp dick from her, still holding her close. Then he rubbed her back until she stopped trembling.





“She saw what we were doing! She heard me!” She had heard the dirty words that she’d been murmuring to Jason. How could she ever live that down?! This woman would never accept her after this!





Jason just wished she would stop talking. Her heartbeat would stop galloping and then she would think of something else to make it thump against her ribcage! After a minute she just lay there against his body silently, mortified.





“We are not the first couple to get busted, Robin. It’s going to be okay. She’s my mother and you don’t see me getting hyper, right?” She nodded in embarrassment. “Besides, this is my apartment, and I’m an adult. I can do what I want.” It sounded like he was practicing what he would say to his mother next time he saw her. She pulled back and looked at him solemnly.





“I don’t think that I can ever face your Mom again. I know I can’t.”





“It’s okay. You don’t have to. I’ll take care of this.” His hands traced small circles onto her back.





“Why did she come?”





“To catch us.”





***





The plan had been ruined. There was no morning of luxuriating in each other’s arms. No breakfast in bed, no lunch in bed, no dinner in bed. Robin got up and got dressed, shoving yesterday’s clothes into her overnight bag and then changing into jeans and a t-shirt.





“Robin, you don’t have to rush away.”





“Jason, I’ll talk to you on Yahoo tonight.” She was not going to be sidetracked. She was going to go home and have a meltdown.





“Robin.”





“What?!” She snapped.





“Please don’t forget to take your medicine.”





She nodded, ashamed at her outburst. “I’m sorry baby. I will.”





“It’s okay.” He didn’t stand but reached for her hand and kissed her gently. “But you owe me a song.”





She smiled. “I’ll give you three come Monday.”





He nodded and watched her go out the door. As soon as the door was shut Jason picked up his cell phone and speed dialed his mother. His face was so angry that it was white. Pick up…





Robin opened her trunk and placed her items inside. She heard a cell phone ringing and thought it was hers. She even reached for her purse before she glanced up and saw who was approaching her at a fast pace. It was Jason’s Mom. Robin almost shot out of her skin. Instead she stared wide-eyed at the woman.





Chapter 13





The tall thin woman had a cigarette in her mouth and she tossed it to the ground as she approached. Her eyes were grey and very cold. Her hair was blond and pulled back into a quick ponytail. There was a look about her that said that she was here to kick somebody’s ass and that somebody was Robin. Robin didn’t take her eyes from her.





“I’d like to talk to you.” Mrs. Hamilton said. Robin gave her a wary look. Had she waited here, hiding for Robin to come out? Yeah, she had. This woman was crazy.





“Mrs. Hamilton, maybe you should talk to Jason-”





“Oh I intend to talk to my son. But I intend to talk to you, as well.”





Robin crossed her arms in front of her. “Yes, okay.” Because this was going to happen anyway, right? She knew that she’d have to face her boyfriend’s mother the moment she felt the woman’s eyes on her nude back. She turned and headed back to Jason’s apartment but Mrs. Hamilton stopped her.





“No, not there; in private.” Robin looked around suspiciously. “The laundry room is over here.”





Robin glanced back at Jason’s door before following his mother. ‘Jason…this is not going to be good…’ She thought as she followed the older woman. When they got to the laundry Mrs. Hamilton spun to her. “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re up to.”





“Up to?”





“Don’t repeat what I say. You’re fucking my son.” Robin blushed.





“That’s none of your business.” She whispered so embarrassed that her voice sounded like dust in her dry mouth.





“The hell it isn’t. You WORK for him!” Robin felt sweat prickling her body.





“Technically I work for Pinnacle; not your son-”





“You think I don’t have your number, Girlie?!”





Robin let her arms drop in confusion. “What number? He’s a grown man. He can decide to be with me if he wants.”





Mrs. Hamilton snorted. “Let me ask you this. Do your employers know that you come to my son’s house and have sex with him? Do they pay you to do that, Missy?” Robin blanched but didn’t speak. Mrs. Hamilton stared her down until Robin’s eyes dropped to the floor in guilt.





“People like you…fucking sicken me. He’s nineteen! How old are you?”





“Twenty-one.” She said softly. She felt like a pervert.





“Hmph! So it’s okay to take advantage of him? How much have you taken?” Robin met her eyes in confusion. “You take from him don’t you? I’m sure your hand is out, right? That was not a rhetorical question, lady. You’ve taken money from my son, haven’t you?!”





Robin’s eyes flitted to the door. She should just walk away but she couldn’t. Her guilt and Mrs. Hamilton’s accusation held her rooted to the spot.





“I—didn’t want to take anything from him. But he said it was okay.”





“Hmph! I’ll tell you now, you will give back everything that you’ve taken from him. Do I make myself clear?” Robin nodded. “And I intend to make sure that you never work with disabled people again!”





Robin met her eyes feeling nauseous and light headed. She was a pervert! She was having sex with her disabled client. How had she allowed her feeling to get so out of hand?!





“You ought to be ashamed of yourself! You and I need to go to the bank so that you can give me every cent that you took from my son!”





Robin swallowed weakly, wondering who would become his Aid when she got fired, and if that person would help him with walking. Who would take him to school? She was thinking about getting a night time job and then she could come by each morning and stay with him while he’s at school. Maybe this was for the best that she wasn’t working for Pinnacle. She opened her purse and dug through her wallet. She had about fifty dollars. And she offered the bills to his mother.





She took them with a frown, counting them up. “What is this?”





“The money to pay for the lunch that he bought for me. And I don’t drink the coffee anymore, but I used some of his bottled water.” Jason’s mother was staring at her like she was crazy and Robin tried to think if there was anything else. Appleby’s yesterday but that had been free. Maybe another ten dollars but she could give it to Jason next time she saw him.





“What are you talking about? Lunch money? I’m talking about money in exchange for sexual favors!”





Robin’s brow shot up. “No. That…I, we don’t do that! I love Jason. He’s my boyfriend!” Mrs. Hamilton’s face suddenly slackened. She stared at Robin.





“Did you say that you love him?”





Robin nodded, the first tears dripping from her eyes as she thought about this horrible mess. “I don’t mind getting fired because…well I shouldn’t have had a personal relationship with my client.” She said quickly. “And I knew that I should have never let him pay my lunch but he wouldn’t let me pay. He just whips out his card and pays. He said it wasn’t his money anyways so he didn’t care. And when I say I don’t want coffee he just looks sad that I don’t have something. But I swear I’ve never taken money for anything else. You can ask him!” Her words were running together hysterically. “I swear it!”





Mrs. Hamilton handed her back the bills. “Here. Take this.” Robin was shaking her head.





“No, I don’t want it. You take it and give it back to Jason.” Mrs. Hamilton was staring at her so hard that her eyes were moving back and forth rapidly as she stared into her eyes. Robin was crying uncontrollably and shaking.





“Shit.” Mrs. Hamilton said softly. “Shit…”





Mrs. Hamilton reached into her purse, finding some tissue and handing them to Robin who took them and turned her head discreetly to the side so that she could wipe her eyes and nose away from Mrs. Hamilton’s probing eyes. Jason’s Mother still had the money clutched in her fist, but seemed to have forgotten about it as she rooted around in her purse again, this time for cigarettes.





She lit one quickly and then watched the young Aid. By that time, Robin had gained some control of her emotions as she sniffed and wiped her eyes again. Still, she was more embarrassed now; with this woman staring, than she had been when she walked in and busted her riding her son and groaning dirty words. No…that wasn’t true. The level of embarrassment had just hit the ceiling and there was nowhere else for it to go. Maybe the world would just come to a grinding stop and she would drop dead because there was no way that she could live this day down.





“Okay.” Mrs. Hamilton spoke aloud as if she had just had a private conversation with herself. “This is what we’re going to do. We’re going back to Jason’s apartment and I’m going to find out what’s really going on. There’s no way for you two to collaborate stories. If what he says agrees with what you’re saying then great. If not…” Mrs. Hamilton was shaking her head.





Robin relaxed. Maybe she wouldn’t force her to leave Pinnacle. She considered how just a day ago she contemplated not being Jason’s Assistant and the idea of not working with him was now almost impossible for her to fathom.





Robin nodded her head in agreement.





Jason’s mother’s eyes were scary and intimidating when she glared; which is what she was doing now. “If you aren’t coming clean with me, then god help you both.” Robin crossed her arms around her belly. This was not the scenario that she had pictured for herself when she imagined being introduced as a girlfriend to the man she loved. She swallowed down the salty water that was gathering in her mouth and prayed that she wouldn’t puke. But her stomach was already churning she knew that very soon she’d have to get to a toilet.





Mrs. Hamilton stalked out of the laundry room with Robin following closely behind. She was wiping her face and hoping that she didn’t look as shitty as she felt. Jason’s mother glanced over at her, an indecisive look on her face, but then she pursed her lips and continued towards Jason’s apartment.





She rapped on the door urgently. “Just let me do the talking.” She commanded. She sounded so much like Jason. Robin thought that he really had very little chance of being anything other than a replica of her. The door swung open and Jason’s lips parted instantly in understanding as his eyes darted from Robin to his mother’s.





He had left a message for his mother to call him immediately and had hung up afterwards; afraid of what might come out of his mouth. When he opened the door, he had no idea that it would be her standing there, and with Robin. But he figured it all out very quickly; she had never left. His mother had set her trap and he’d unwittingly sent Robin, as distraught as she was, into the claws of a woman that he barely had the strength to stand up against.





“Mom…” Was all that he could manage before she swept into the room. Robin followed, looking pale beneath her brown skin, and shaken. He swung around to glare at his mother. “Mom, what did you do?!”





“That’s what I’m here to ask you!”





He turned back to Robin, reaching for her hand. “Are you okay?” She nodded quickly and then squeezed his hand and tried to offer a smile. It was weak and he could clearly see fresh tears in her eyes and drying on her cheeks.





“Jason Lane Hamilton, I want you to explain to me exactly what type of relationship you are having with your Aid!”





Robin watched Jason close his eyes, his back still to his mother. Was he counting? He opened his eyes slowly.





“Mother. Get out.” Mrs. Hamilton’s mouth snapped shut. “Get out of my house. You’re not welcomed here.” His voice got louder and he swung around in his chair to face her.





“You want to kick me out because I’m asking you a question that you don’t want to-”





He was shaking his head. “I’m kicking you out because I can’t stand to look at you! Who are you to ask me a question like that? That is none of your business, Mom! What Robin and I do, is none of your damn business!”





She put her hands on her hips and Robin saw her neck roll and her eyes bug and she looked like she could have come straight from the hood. If her Mama had been giving her that look, Robin would have cracked. But Jason just pushed his chest out, his lips pursed and his eyes narrowed and his look was equally as intimidating.





“It is my business when it’s MY money that you’re using to pay some Aid to have sex with you! You think I don’t know that’s how it works? They get jobs dealing with the elderly and disabled just so that they can offer them sex!”





Jason’s eyes were bugging. “Oh my god…you are fucking crazy! You are one crazy woman!” He grimaced. “And you’re disgusting!” He turned his wheelchair away from her and Robin saw his nostrils flaring as he looked at her.





He was shaking his head in disbelief, and hurt. “You already heard this, haven’t you? She’s already asked you this? Is that why you were crying; because she already asked you if you were my whore?!” Robin felt her throat working, this was so bad, this couldn’t get worse. And then it did. She vomited on the floor, splattering the cocktail table.





Mrs. Hamilton leaped back even though she was nowhere near to being splattered. Jason stared in dismay at the blood laced vomit. Robin was bent over panting and clutching her stomach. It felt like she was being stabbed with a red hot poker!





“I’m going to be sick…” She croaked and then retched again; more bloody vomit. She darted, still stooped, out of the room and into the bathroom. Jason stared at the floor, terrified. That was a lot of blood…





“Mom…” He whispered. “What do I do?”





Mrs. Hamilton moved quickly past Jason and to the bathroom. She tried to open the door but it was locked. She could hear Robin coughing and choking. “Hey…!” She couldn’t remember the girl’s name! Fuck, what was it?! “Open the door, honey…unlock it.”





Jason reached out and tried the doorknob as if it would magically turn. It didn’t. He knocked on the door, hard. “Robin! Unlock the door!” Mrs. Hamilton began digging through her purse for her wallet. She quickly withdrew a credit card to slip between the lock and the doorjam. She roughly pushed Jason out of her way and he wheeled back to give her space.





“Robin?!” He said. He could hear her coughing and gagging. Damnit! Why had she locked the door?! Suddenly it popped unlock. God, how had his mother done that?! She jimmied the lock! Robin was sitting on the toilet, pants down around her ankles and holding the trash can between her naked thighs, gagging and spitting into it. She looked up at them in horrified surprise as they burst through the door.





“I’m okay!” She said weakly. “Leave me alone for a minute. I need to be sick…” Her stomach lurched and blood; bright red was suddenly coming from her mouth.





“Jesus, god in heaven…” Mrs. Hamilton said. “Jason, call an ambulance.”





Robin’s head popped up. “No please…” she said breathlessly. Watery stool hit the water in the toilet and she was contemplating a life in another country because she never wanted to see these people again. She’d find another man to love. She couldn’t love a man that was watching her poop and vomit blood. If she had a gun, she would have shot herself.





Jason was pushing past his mother. She spun around and jerked him by his shirt front. Thin as she was, she could have lifted him from his chair and tossed him against the wall. “Call the fucking ambulance, Jason! NOW!” His eyes met her and he quickly reached for his cell phone. Joyce Hamilton sat on the tub next to Robin. She placed her hand on the damp curls of the young girl’s head.





“Robin.” She rubbed her neck and shoulders and Robin couldn’t believe that she was sitting on the toilet pooping with Jason’s mother rubbing her neck. “It’s okay honey.” A dagger seared her stomach and Robin cried out. She squeezed her eyes closed.





“My stomach…” She moaned. “Please, go away…it’s just my IBS.” She wanted to explain that she cramped like this all of the time with Irritable Bowel Syndrome. The vomiting…well that part wasn’t normal, and the blood in it wasn’t good, but there was no need for an ambulance!





“You’re bleeding internally, why?”





Robin was panting. “Ulcer, but-”





Jason’s mother grimaced. “No way. There is no way that you are vomiting pure blood from an ulcer.”





Jason was talking into the cell phone. He thrust it to his mother. “Mom, here talk to them, they can’t understand me!” He was stuttering and knew that he wasn’t making sense. He quickly grabbed a towel and wet it. Then he wheeled next to Robin and wiped her sweating face. She wanted to tell him that they were blowing this out of proportion. They just needed to let her wipe her bottom in peace and then she’d drive herself to the hospital! But the look on Jason’s face told that he was already convinced of the worst.





“Robin…” He groaned. Oh fuck. Tears sprouted in his eyes. His mother was right, she was bleeding internally and why in the hell had he let her get so distraught?? He watched her body jerk again and her eyes squeeze shut as something hurt her and then a splash in the toilet like pure water. He tried to peek behind her in the bowl. He needed to know if it was blood, but he couldn’t see past her brown bottom.





“Jason.” His mother said calmly. He looked over at her. She was rubbing Robin’s neck and shoulders. “Go out and wait for the ambulance.” He had already begun shaking his head.





“Babyboy, do what I say. I have hands to clean her and I need to get her ready for the ambulance. Do you understand?” He didn’t understand, because he was having a hard time understanding anything right now. There was an ambulance coming. And it was coming for Robin. He had to go outside and wait. His mother needed to clean her. He could hear his mother telling him to go. Go Jason. Go. He wheeled out of the bathroom. It seemed that he was moving so slow even though he was going as fast as he could.





He couldn’t make his muscles move right and he thought; don’t have a seizure. Not now. But it wouldn’t be up to him to decide if, only how severe based on how much he fought against it.





When Jason was gone, Joyce turned on the shower. There was a handheld shower head, not long enough to reach the toilet but if the girl could at least stand up, even if she couldn’t step into the tub, she would spray her bottom clean and mop the floors later. Joyce moved in front of Robin and stooped to grab some toilet tissue.





“Lean forward. I’m going to clean you.” Robin did as she was told, leaning forward in the way that Jason had done for her many times now. Then she felt Jason’s mother cleaning her bottom. She didn’t consider why she didn’t do this herself. She was just so tired all of a sudden. Distantly she thought, ‘I have lost a lot of blood…’





“It’s mostly water, a little blood in it.” Mrs. Hamilton announced. She flushed the toilet. “Robin. I need you to stand up when you’re ready.” Robin barely sensed Mrs. Hamilton removing her legs from her jeans and her panties.





Robin felt numb. There was just too much sensory overload to react. She stood slowly on shaky legs and Mrs. Hamilton helped brace her while she stepped into the shower. She was still wearing shoes and watched as the warm water soaked her socks and sneakers. Robin stared at the water, concentrating on it as Mrs. Hamilton cleaned her. Maybe this wasn’t real. It didn’t feel real; it could be just a dream. Why wasn’t she blacking out? She would have been fainting by now, except the world seemed to be super sharp. She was going to have to stay awake through all of this, and that was a shame.





“Don’t worry if you have to do it in the tub; it’s just little more than water, Babygirl. It won’t hurt anything.” Robin suddenly heard the sharp sound of a siren, off in the distance and getting closer. She felt her body automatically stiffen. She didn’t want to get in the ambulance, she could drive herself to the hospital, or maybe Jason’s mother could.





Mrs. Hamilton helped her step out of the tub and grabbed a large towel to wrap around her waist.





“Can you just take me to the hospital?” She pleaded in desperation.





Joyce gripped her hand in reassurance as she helped her leave the bathroom. She couldn’t even straighten. “No, honey. They’re already here.”





The rest was just a jumble of movement, a blood pressure cuff on her as she was placed on a gurney. She tried to tell them that she could walk to the ambulance. Mrs. Hamilton was trying to hold the towel around her and Jason was trying to get his wheelchair close to her but also keep out of the way of the medics.





Someone put an oxygen mask on her and she couldn’t figure out why, but she did feel a little better after that. The ambulance workers wouldn’t let Jason in the ambulance with his wheelchair and Mrs. Hamilton cursed them so bad that one actually began to tremble and shake. Jason was unwilling to let her go to the hospital alone so he sent his mother to ride in the ambulance with her and said he’d call Link to come get him.





Robin watched this tiredly. Why couldn’t she black out? Her stomach hurt so bad, she had to turn sideways and draw her knees up. The medic shut the doors and she saw Jason watching her, looking so afraid. She wanted to say that she was okay but couldn’t seem to say anything past the oxygen mask. One of the medics reached out and lightly pressed her stomach and she finally found enough breath to cry out.





She saw Jason’s mother smack the back of the medic’s hand like he was a naughty child caught sneaking a cookie. She thought she heard, ‘What the hell is wrong with you?!’ before she finally got her wish and she blacked out.





Chapter 14





Betty Mathena was working the records of her newest client. She didn’t understand how these small, tax exempt organizations ever got past the IRS watchdogs. Most of the time their ledgers didn’t amount to more than a secretary notepad and their receipts were often times impossible to straighten out.





She hummed absently to the Earl Klugh song that was playing on the CD player. Her mind began to wander as she remembered a different day, long ago, when this song played and her husband looked at her with that wicked twinkle in his eye.





‘I’m busy. Don’t even think about it.’ She had sharply said. It was Saturday; a day to listen to jazz and relax. But she had too many cases to work, so instead of snuggling in her husband’s arms, drinking a glass of their favorite Chardonnay, she was trying to right two years of bad bookkeeping.





Then she felt Lawrence’s strong fingers on her neck as he gently massaged her stiff muscles there. He’d always had the most wonderful hands. He was dark and tall 6’3” and so handsome with his short afro and clean shaven face. She had liked him because of his dark skin. She had always favored darker men; maybe because it had been so rough on her being so light skinned. She had always had to prove that she was black; by action and by deed. And Lawrence never seemed to care. He never made her feel that her ivory skin placed her above others, he never marveled at her fine hair and he didn’t find her grey eyes too cold and foreign. Lawrence Mathena had seen the woman beneath the mask that she normally kept in place.





And though she fought it and him for a long time, his calm and matter-of-fact persistence finally broke through. She didn’t want to fall in love. She didn’t want to give anyone that much power over her. But love was not something that she could control.





She remembered that she had closed the file she had been working on, and had silently led her husband to their bedroom where they had made love for the rest of the evening.





Betty blinked and cleared her throat. She frowned as she was brought back to the present and she tapped her retractable pencil against the table top. “This organization is a mess. What a mess.” She tried to think of anything other than her past. She moved over to the disc changer and selected an upbeat song by BeBe and CeCe Winans and then returned to her work.





She continued working past lunch. Now that she lived alone there was no one to stop her from working through the weekend. And because there was no one present, there was no reason not to. She found her mind drifting again, looking forward to her trip with Robin. She knew that she needed a vacation. She knew that she needed to find something to do each weekend other than working on her client’s books and looking forward to Robin’s weekly visit.





She glanced at the phone. She wanted to call her, but had stopped doing that. Robin was busy and she didn’t seem to enjoy talking to her anymore, she just rushed her off the phone so that she could hurry here or hurry there or try to get some sleep so that she could be ready for her next job. Every since their blow out over the whole college thing, Betty had been careful to keep their discussions nag-free. She knew she did it, but couldn’t seem to stop herself. Robin was her only child; the only family that she had left, and she wanted the world for her. But that child just stubbornly dug her heels in and wouldn’t take that first step. She thought by allowing her to struggle, she would finally see how much easier life could be if she would just fortify herself with a good education and get herself a career paying job instead of these low paying, back breaking ones. But Robin didn’t seem to get that lesson. Betty sighed and then the phone did ring and it made her jump and she realized that other than her music, there had been no sound in her home all day…and perhaps for days and days on end.





“Hello.” She said in a clipped tone that was in no way an indication that she was angry, but just her way.





“Is this Robin’s mother?”





Betty frowned, not recognizing the voice. “Yes. Who is this? ”





“Well, this is her boyfriend’s mother. I’m Joyce Hamilton and I wanted to tell you that Robin’s taken ill and has been brought to the hospital.”





Betty Mathena’s heart began to beat rapidly. She was silent as she pieced together the words that she had just heard…her boyfriend’s mother…taken ill…brought to the hospital.





“Robin? Is that who you’re talking about?” This woman must have the wrong number because her daughter did not have a boyfriend.





“I’m calling you from her cellphone.” Betty’s eyes moved to the caller ID and then her body began to shake; her knees practically buckling.





“What--? Is she okay?”





“We just got here. Mrs…can you come?”





“Which hospital?!”





“University.”





“I’m on my way!” Betty Mathena grabbed her purse and tried to think if there was anything else she needed…she was forgetting something-KEYS! She darted to the mantle for her car keys and hurried out the door wondering why she hadn’t asked the woman what was wrong with her baby. And what did she mean that she was her boyfriend’s mother? She could not bear the thought of losing someone else she loved, but already her mind seemed to latch on to that fact; after Robin, there would be no one else. She would be all alone.





***





As soon as the ambulance pulled away, Jason quickly wheeled back into the house, past his neighbors that had gathered around the parking lot, talking in whispers and peering at him. He still had his cell phone in hand and quickly dialed Link.





“Link! I need you to come get me and take me to the hospital!”





Link hesitated. “Top? I can’t understand you, bro. Say it again, slower.”





Jason closed his eyes and counted to three. “Link. Robin is in the hospital and I need you to come take me. They wouldn’t let me ride with her in the back of the ambulance.”





“Robin? I’m on my way.”





Jason wheeled into the bedroom and slipped on a shirt, then he began the process of locating socks and putting on shoes. He wheeled back into the living room and glanced out the window. Where was he?! Then his eyes caught sight of the vomit and his face began to crumble. He cleaned it up with paper towels; his fingers not making the job easy.





Afterwards, he moved his hands through his hair repeatedly and then heard Link’s horn. Jason grabbed his keys and hurried out of the apartment. Thankfully, his crowd of neighbors had gone about their business.





Jason explained what had happened and Link listened with a stricken look on his face as he drove. “I didn’t realize that it had gotten that bad, dude.” Jason frowned and glanced at his best friend. He hadn’t even asked him how he was doing. He’d seen the look on Link’s face after he found out that Patty had left without him. He had hoped that she would be with him.





“How are you?”





“Fine. Why wouldn’t I be?”





“Because I know that you are upset about Patty.”





“Hmmm.” He said angrily. “I’m not a UPSET about Patty. I’m just upset that she just left. I mean, you don’t come with a group and then go off and leave. I guess she doesn’t realize how much she has everyone worried about her. And she hasn’t answered her phone. I just think, she should answer whether she’s pissed or not, just to let a person know she’s not dead in an alley somewhere!”





“So you haven’t talked to her since last night?”





“Isn’t that what I just said?!” He snapped.





“Look, I’ll call her and find out if she’s okay.”





Peter didn’t respond. “Sorry I snapped,” he said softly. “She probably won’t answer. She’ll think I put you up to it.”





Jason dialed Belinda’s number. It went directly to voice mail. “Patty, Robin’s in the hospital. Call me back right now!” He hung up and then looked at his friend. Within thirty seconds the phone began to ring. They both raised their brows.





“Yeah.” Jason said. “An ambulance has taken her to University Hospital and Link and I are on our way there now. Yeah, meet us there. Okay, see you.”





“Fuck.” Peter responded. “Why did you tell her to come?”





“Because she’s Robin’s friend, too.”





A few minutes later Link dropped him off at the emergency entrance and Jason cursed the van’s slow moving wheelchair ramp. It had barely reached the ground before he was wheeling rapidly through the hospital entrance. He was completely incapable of making himself understood to the woman working the front desk, so he was forced to call his Mom to come up front to get him. They were led back to triage where he could barely squeeze his chair into the small area. Robin was lying on a bed hooked to an iv and with an oxygen mask.





His mother had explained that she was awake but they’d given her pain medicine and were preparing to give her an endoscopy to assess the damage. She lifted her head when she saw him and he could see plainly that she wore a look of relief on her tired face. Poor thing; his poor sweet baby. He took her hand.





“Hi Sweetheart.” She squeezed his hand weakly and smiled past the oxygen mask.





She felt a lot better now; after the pain medicine and the talk that she’d had with Mrs. Hamilton. When they arrived. She said she’d call her mom for her but for the life of her, she couldn’t remember mama’s phone number. It was Mrs. H that had gone through her purse for the cell phone and finding the number.





After that Robin just watched as Jason’s mother took over, barking out orders, explaining what she wanted, not allowing them to sit her in a gurney in the hallway while she filled out paperwork. And then while they waited for the Doctor to come in to do their exam she had leaned in close to her and spoke.





“If I did anything to cause this to happen, I’m so sorry, Robin.” The woman had then squeezed her hand. “I see that my son loves you. That’s no exaggeration. I’m so sorry that I jumped to the wrong conclusion.” Robin blinked and thought, this was almost worth it if it convinced Mrs. H how they really felt about each other.





***





Betty parked her car and tried not to get lost through the maze of instructions on how to get to Emergency. She was frantic when she finally reached the front desk.





“I’m trying to find my daughter. She’s been admitted; her name is Robin Mathena.”





The Receptionist nodded her head. “Yes, Robin Mathena.” She spoke without even looking at the computer or a list. “I’ll take you right to her. It’s been Grand Central Station for Miss Mathena.”





“What happened to her? I just got a call that she’s here and I have no idea why? Was she in an accident-?”





The nurse was walking rapidly through the hospital. “She was brought in due to bloody vomit and the fear of internal bleeding.”





“Bloody vomiting?” Robin’s mother was practically wracking her brain as to why and how. They finally got to a room and the nurse pushed the door opened. There was a crowd of white people in there. Betty rushed forward, disregarding them when she saw Robin propped up on pillows looking sick but not near death. “Honey?” Robin held out her hand to her.





“Mama.” She said hoarsely. Betty took her hands and then kissed her while she sat on the side of the bed.





“What happened?” Robin touched her throat and opened her mouth to talk and then a tall thin woman stopped forward and Betty glanced at her, distractedly.





“Hi. I’m Joyce, I’m the one that called you. Robin can’t talk right now; she just had an upper GI Endoscopy.” Betty’s eyes flitted from the woman’s to the other people in the room; two boys in wheelchairs a big girl with short spiked auburn hair and then another young girl, petite and with some problem controlling her head movement.





One boy with crazy red hair and who was evidently mentally retarded was staring at her but it was the blonde boy that had her attention. He was handsome; was he paralyzed completely? How had he and Robin met? She had just never pictured her daughter with a white boy and she could not picture them together. She turned back to Joyce Hamilton; picking on the words upper GI Endoscopy.





“Endiscope?” She turned back to Robin, squeezing her hand. “Baby, you have an ulcer?” Robin nodded quickly. “But why didn’t you tell me?”





“I was…I was g-going to.” Robin touched her throat again, voice raspy. “…Sunday.”





Betty sighed in annoyance. “Robin…”





Joyce continued talking and Betty turned to her again. “So back to the Endiscopy; the doctor was able to stop her bleeding.” She was explaining that they had cauterized the wound to stop the bleeding when Betty began shaking her head.





“I need to talk to the doctor.” She interrupted. She picked up the call button and buzzed for the nurse. “I need to see the doctor please.” She spoke into the intercom, having dismissed Joyce Hamilton completely.





Joyce rolled her eyes as if to say, ‘excuse me.’ And then she turned and sat back down in her chair allowing Robin’s mother to have her information provided by the doctor. Robin leaned back against the pillow tiredly and Jason wheeled up to her and took her hand.





“Are you okay?” Robin nodded. She was sleepy and having the scope being fed down her throat had not been pleasant. She was put to sleep and told that it wouldn’t hurt but it definitely did once she woke up.





Betty finished talking to the nurse who indicated that the doctor would be in shortly. She turned back around to see her daughter holding hands with the retarded boy. That must be her client. He was probably very distraught seeing her like this. Why was he here anyway? And who were these other people? The big girl with the spiked hair sulked from the corner where she was sitting cross legged on the floor. The smaller girl; the one that appeared to have neurological problems stood awkwardly watching everyone, and then there was her daughter’s boyfriend. She could barely get used to that; the blond boy that watched the big sulky girl more then he watched her daughter.





The red headed boy glanced at her and acted like he wanted to say something but Betty didn’t have time to meet her daughter’s clients, she sat down on the side of the bed, opposite of the wheelchaired boy and watched her daughter as she seemed to doze. Then Robin’s eyes popped open, just like they used to when she was a baby trying so hard to fight sleep, her grey-green eyes latched onto hers and then darted to the boy’s.





“Mama.” She said. “This is Jason Hamilton. This is the person I’ve been telling you about. I was going to tell you Sunday that Jason’s my boyfriend.”





Betty’s eyes moved quickly to the crazy looking, red-haired boy. She stood up and turned to the blonde boy that was sitting across the room, and then again back to the head flopping, muscle jerking, wild haired boy that was still holding her daughter’s hand.





Betty couldn’t say anything. Boyfriend. THIS was her boyfriend?!





Jason and Betty stared at each other, her mouth had dropped open and she closed it rapidly.





“Hello Mrs. Mathena. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” He said in a stilted, slurred manner.





Oh my god…After a long while she remembered to speak. “Well…hello.” Her voice sounded short even to her own ears, which is something she rarely noticed. This time she couldn’t help it. She stared at Robin who was watching her almost fearfully. Oh yeah…she should be. When she got this girl alone there was going to be hell to pay! Not telling her about this bleeding ulcer was bad enough! But dating this…this…She had no words to describe her disgust.





A white coated man came into the room holding a clipboard. He scanned the room full of people in surprise before coming to the bed. He offered his hand to Mrs. Mathena.





“I’m Dr. Sarma. Are you the mother?”





She was happy to have something else to focus on other than the room full of misfits. “Yes I am. My daughter was bleeding internally?”





“Ahh. Indeed she was.” He gave Robin an almost loving look, perhaps because he was the specialist that had treated her just a few days before. “Your daughter has a very big hole in her stomach but it hasn’t bled through. Good news is that the test came back negative for the H. Pylori virus which is a bacteria that can cause an ulcer. It’s contagious and she doesn’t have it.” Robin had already heard this but she watched her mother’s expression closely, knowing that what the doctor was going to tell her next would be very upsetting to her.





“What we do now is try to determine the cause of Robin’s ulcer. The ulcer is not the disorder. The ulcer is the effect of a disorder. It could be Crohns disease, it could be cancer or any number of other things. We’ve taken a biopsy and will have the results back in a few days.”





Betty sat down heavily on the bed. “Cancer…” She said weakly. No, not again…





Robin sat up and leaned forward. “It’s okay, Mama. I’m going to be alright.” She hugged her mother close. After what they had gone through with Daddy’s illness, she knew that hearing about any chance of cancer would be tough on her. She just wanted to explain that this was not abnormal to her and that everyone was blowing it all out of proportion. She had an ulcer, she puked, there was blood in it. End of story. The irritable bowel is something she’d been dealing with forever. And she had an ulcer because she had a hard time dealing with her father’s death. Period. That was it. It wasn’t cancer!





“So, how soon will we get the results back?” Betty asked, eyes watery.





“We hope to get the results back in two days.” Dr. Sarma consulted his clipboard, flipping some pages. “Robin. I need to give you a blood transfusion and then you can leave.”





“No.” Her mother said adamantly. “No blood transfusion. That’s how people catch diseases!”





Dr. Sarma gave her a long look before he shrugged his thin shoulders. “It’s fine. Without the blood transfusion, Robin, I want you to stay over night and no driving for four weeks.”





“What?!” Robin said quickly. She didn’t want to stay here and there was no way that she would be stranded without her car for a month.





“You lost a lot of blood, young lady. If you lose much more it could be…deadly. I don’t want you driving because if you should get into an accident, you reserve blood just isn’t there.”





Robin was shaking her head. “I want the transfusion.”





“Robin.” Mrs. Mathena said in disapproval. “Don’t be crazy. You need to stay off your feet. You’ll come back to the house and…” Her eyes swept over Jason. “…give your job a break for a while.”





Robin was breathing fast. “Mom, I’m not at death’s door. I vomited and there was blood in it. Because I have an ulcer, right Dr. Sarma! I’m not going to drop dead am I?”





“No. Not unless it bleeds through. And that’s not going to happen because we’re treating it.” He gave Robin’s hand a brief pat. “But if the ulcer did come completely through the stomach wall, you could bleed to death in a very short time. Three hours. So, yes Robin, this is very serious. Rudolph Valentino, Rudyard Kipling and J.R.R. Tolkein are some noteworthy people that have died of a bleeding ulcer.”





“Charlie Parker died of an ulcer, too!” Robin’s mother cried out. “Don’t tell me that it’s not potentially deadly.” Robin scratched her head but didn’t speak.





Dr. Sarma looked at Robin. “So are we going to admit you?” Robin nodded reluctantly. Dr. Sarma was looking at his files. “So, I see that you have been prescribed birth control pills. Is this your primary form of birth control or do you have a back up, because the antibiotics will compromise the pill.”





Robin’s eyes bugged and she stared at the Doctor in disbelief for bringing something like that up in front of her mother! Betty didn’t speak but her pale face flamed. Robin began to sweat and she stuttered her response to the doctor.





“No-we…just condoms.”





“What?!” Robin’s mother leaped to her feet. “You actually are having sex with this boy? Oh Robin!” She exclaimed and turned away from the bed. She had to shut her eyes to keep the picture of that disgusting boy drooling over her daughter and pawing at her with his clawed hands. How could she let herself be touched by him?! How could this be happening? Was she trying to punish her; another form of defiance? Maybe something actually was wrong with Robin’s head…





Joyce Hamilton was watching her with narrowed eyes. Her foot was shaking anxiously and she appeared to be at her limit. Thus far she hadn’t said a word, but her eyes told another story.





Dr. Sarma looked back and forth from Robin and her mother in surprise. He seemed to blush behind the brown skin of his face. “Um…why don’t we have you all leave the room while I speak to the patient in private?”





Joyce Hamilton licked her lips and nodded. Her eyes narrowed and she walked out of the room. Amberly followed and then Peter and then Belinda slowly unfolded her form from the floor, seeming reluctant to leave.





Jason reached out and gripped Robin’s hands. There seemed a million things that he wanted to say but he didn’t speak. His brows gathered in concern and then he wheeled away. Dr. Sarma looked at Betty and waited patiently.





“Well for god’s sake! You don’t expect me to leave with the rest of those people, do you? This is my daughter!”





The doctor gave her a firm look. “Yes please.” Betty shook her head in disbelief. “I won’t be long.” He added.





Betty took a long time to leave; as if the doctor didn’t have a list of patients to see. She bent slowly down to kiss Robin’s cheek. She then smoothed her short hair and finally she left the room.





“I’m so sorry.” Dr. Sarma said. “I had no idea that saying the words ‘birth control’ would create such a strong reaction; especially since you are an adult. Most mothers and daughters that I meet have an open opinion about the use of birth control.”





“It’s okay, Dr. Sarma.” Robin’s face was constricted. “It’s not your fault, I never…well she didn’t know that I was sexually active.”





“Robin.” The doctor sighed. “You know, it’s a myth that stress creates ulcers. But it certainly doesn’t help them. We stopped the bleeding and they can heal, but if you continually experience stress that will just produce more enzymes that flood your system and aggravate the condition.





“Now, my suggestion to you is to put an end to what creates stress in your life.” He gave her a meaningful look. She nodded, aware that the Doctor was not necessarily talking about ‘things’ but possibly ‘people’.





“Now, with that said, shall we start the blood transfusion?”





She nodded and smiled. “Yes.”





Chapter 15





In the hall, Joyce Hamilton sat in one of the plastic chairs located in the small waiting area at the end of the hall. She was in bad need of a cigarette but had no intentions of leaving her son in the presence of the woman that had looked at him as if he was the dirt beneath her feet. She should be all in that bitch’s ass, but not in front of Robin. She wouldn’t do a thing to bring that poor girl any more stress. She could plainly see that her mother had beaten all of the fight out of her. But if she tried that shit with her son, there would be hell to pay, for real!





This is always how it turned out. There was always someone to fight; principals at the school that didn’t want her son, doctor’s that disregarded him, Aids that hurt him…Now this bitch that looked at him as if he was nothing.





Robin’s mother finally came out of the room and found a seat away from the rest of them. Joyce stood up and walked over to her. Jason looked at his mother warily.





“Hello.” She said. Betty Matheny looked up distractedly.





“Hello.”





“I guess this is a heluva way to meet, huh?”





Betty grimaced. “It is.” She looked away before forcing her eyes back to the taller woman who was standing over her. “Thank you for calling me.” She sighed and had such a sad look on her face that Joyce’s anger began to melt. She sat down next to her.





“My son is a good kid.”





She grimaced. “I’m sure he is. Perhaps for…” Her eyes rested on the tiny girl with the same muscle condition that he obviously had.





“What do you mean?” Mrs. Hamilton asked sharply.





“I mean; my daughter shouldn’t be dating your son. Now…if you can’t get that then I’m sorry. He’s probably a great guy, but not for my daughter.”





Everyone watched them and Jason felt weak with fear. He was praying that his mother wouldn’t beat up his girlfriend’s mother.





“Mom,” he said. She looked at him. “Please.” Mrs. Hamilton had an angry look on her face but she stood.





“I’m going to go now,” she announced. Then she walked away. She turned and looked at Robin’s mother. “It’s your daughter that should be proud that my son chose her.” Mrs. Mathena scowled as the woman left the room.





Jason followed after his mother. “Mom.” Joyce stopped with a tired sigh. Jason continued to wheel towards her until he was right in front of her. “Thank you. Thank you Mom, you were great with her.” Her face softened. This was the first time that she’d had a chance to be alone with him.





“Jason, I am so sorry, son. I apologized to Robin. I jumped to the wrong conclusion and…maybe I’m what made her sick.”





He was shaking his head. “It’s not your fault. It’s my fault. We argued yesterday and…I knew she wasn’t taking her medicine and I stressed her-”





“You’re going to have to take special care with her, you know that right? You saw what type of mother she has.”





“Yes, I know. I will. And I know that you didn’t mean any harm…I want your key, though.” He held out his hand.





She gave him a steady look. “What if something happens to you, Jason?”





“Mom, today is the day that you have to let me be a man. The keys.” He wasn’t sure if she would do it, but eventually she pulled it off the key ring. She thrust them to him and he took them gently.





“Mom, I love you, and thank you again.” She looked at him sadly and then reached down and kissed his cheek.





“Okay. You’re a man so…” She turned and headed for the elevator. He almost told her that he was going to walk again. But today he’d had his limit of drama, so he said nothing.





Joyce lit a cigarette as soon as she was outside of the hospital. Yeah, her son wanted to be a man, but when the going got tough—like when his girlfriend vomits blood--then it’s ‘Mom what should I do?! Mom help me because I fell into a glass table and there’s blood everywhere, Mom I’m afraid…’





She snorted bitterly. He wasn’t ready to be a man just because he was living on his own and having sex and he and his girlfriend were playing at being adults. As a matter of fact, they both needed her now more than ever. She would be there for her son even if he didn’t ask, even if he didn’t know it, just like always. And she had another key.





Jason turned his wheelchair and saw Belinda standing in the hall right before him. He almost jumped.





“When was the last time you ate?” She asked.





“I haven’t.”





“It’s after noon. Let’s go to the cafeteria and get food.” She looked over her shoulder. “Besides, you don’t want to be in there with Robin’s mother. I just talked to the nurse and they are giving her that blood transfusion. When her Mom finds out she is going to be pissed.”





His lip twisted at the mention of Robin’s mother. His stomach was empty, so she had a point. “Alright, let’s get the others. They’re probably hungry, too.” Belinda placed her hand on his shoulder to stop him.





“Jason...I didn’t mean to make her upset last night. I feel like shit. I didn’t mean what I said.”





“What did you say?”





She blushed. She hadn’t left the party with anyone, though she could have. In the end she took a cab home and hoped that Peter would think the worse. She awoke this morning feeling like someone had slapped her silly. She listened to each message but he said nothing that interested her so she didn’t respond. Then there was that last call from Jason, and she was sure that this was all her fault.





She remembered exactly the words that she’d told Robin last night. She’d basically thrown their new friendship out of the window.





“I told her that I was done with you all. I was drunk and hurt and I didn’t mean that.”





Jason had asked Peter what the two of them were arguing about and he admitted that he was not interested in being in a relationship with her. He liked being with her, he liked the dick treatment, but he didn’t want a love relationship with anyone. He just wanted to have fun. Jason knew this about his friend; was not surprised that he felt that way. He was, however, surprised that he hadn’t made it clear to her—now he’d screwed and lost a friend.





“Patty, Robin didn’t get sick because of that. You heard the doctor talking about how long she’s had these ulcers. You didn’t give them to her.”





“Yeah, but I made her worry.”





Jason gave her a wry smile. “We need to all stop trying to take responsibility for her being in the hospital. Now let’s go eat-”





“Jason. I saw the look on your face when her Mom said what she did.”





Jason’s expression fell. “She’ll never accept me. She looks at me worse than any of the others ever have. She doesn’t see that I’m in here; a real person inside of this body.”





Belinda did something that she had never done before. She moved and carefully sat on his lap. He gave her a surprised look. He smiled and closed his arms around her body. He considered something that he had never considered before; Patty needed to be touched too. She smiled then placed her hands on both side of his face and looked at him closely.





“There is absolutely nothing wrong with you, Top. You are talented, smart, and the people that know you, love you…the people who don’t just need to learn you. Don’t let her or anyone else bring you down.” He watched her feeling touched. It wasn’t like her to speak like this. He placed his hands over hers.





“The same goes for you.” Her eyes flinched and he could see her already beginning to retreat. “He messed up big time letting you go. But don’t let that force you to be someone you’re not, okay? Because I don’t want to lose my friend.”





Belinda listened to every word Jason spoke. She finally placed her lips on his forehead and stayed there. Jason brought his hands around her and relaxed, releasing the tension from his body with each calming breath.





***





Betty kept checking her watch and looking over at the receptionist area. Amberly had folded herself into one of the plastic chairs, knees bent just below her chin and arms grasping her legs in a way that only the very thin could do comfortably. After a moment of consideration, she stood and made her way over to Robin’s mother. Peter looked at her in surprise wondering what in the hell she was up to.





“Hello.”





Peter had been checking the door wondering where Jason and Belinda had gone off to, and now his attention was focused on Amberly, amazed at her courage or stupidity for approaching the mean-looking woman.





Robin’s mother looked up at her with thinly veiled annoyance. “Hello.”





“I’m Amberly Buckley. I’m friends with your daughter.”





“She’s never mentioned you.”





“Well we just met when she took on Jason as a client.”





“I see.”





Amberly stood there awkwardly before gesturing to Peter. “This is Peter and the other girl is Belinda.” Peter raised his hand and waved courteously.





Betty gave him a curt nod of her head before checking her watch again. She sighed in exasperation. “What is taking that doctor so long?!” She stood up and brushed past Amberly out to the receptionist’s desk. She saw the boy; Jason and the big girl who was sitting in his lap. Uh huh…Well that wasn’t kosher; not at all. She ignored them and demanded to know how much longer it would be before she could go in and see her daughter.





“Well she is having a blood transfusion. It shouldn’t take longer than an hour, maybe only forty-five minutes more.”





Betty’s mouth dropped open in disbelief. “What! But I said no to the blood transfusion!”





Jason craned his neck around to see Mrs. Mathena’s rant and Belinda slipped off his lap knowing that the older woman would completely misunderstand. Amberly and then Peter headed towards them and the four of them watched her explode at not being consulted.





“But the patient is twenty-one. The doctor doesn’t have to consult with you-” The receptionist tried to explain.





Mrs. Mathena rolled her eyes. “I think the doctor just asked me to leave the room so that he could coerce my daughter into doing that dangerous procedure. If she catches AIDs or hepatitis-“





“Ma’ame, I can appreciate your concern but you are going to have to keep your voice down, this is a hospital.”





“Well I want to talk to that doctor.” She said, though in a quieter voice.





“Well I will let him know.” The Receptionist said curtly.





Jason looked up at his three friends. “Let’s go…somewhere; anywhere.”





Chapter 16





Because Robin was going to be nearly an hour with the blood transfusion they decided to hit the McDonald’s around the corner. He had a brief seizure while in the elevator and afterwards they continued to the van. He had opened his eyes to see his three friends watching him before Belinda just moved behind his chair and pushed him outside. He wondered what Robin’s mother would have thought had she seen it. For the first time in a long time, some else’s opinions worried him.





“God, Top.” Amberly spoke as they crowded into the van. “She’s mean. I tried to talk to her and it was like approaching a brick wall.”





Jason nodded. “We should have told her before all of this. Shit, now it just got sprung on her and she just thinks the worse.”





“Still no excuse for her to be a bitch.” Belinda muttered. She settled into her seat in back and strapped in. Jason watched the way that she and Link pretended to ignore each other. In the restaurant when girls invariably noticed Link’s All-American good looks and giggled behind their hands, Patty’s mood darkened and if she spoke it was in angry, one word responses.





Amberly and Jason looked at each other. Though he was still not quite sure how he felt about the things that had happened between them, he knew that he needed and appreciated his friend’s more than ever. In Link’s favor, he at least pretended to ignore the gorgeous girls that were trying to get his attention. The tension that had developed between the four of them was something new and each was very aware of it.





Amberly finally spoke. “Look, we need to make a decision right now. No bullshitting.” Her use of that word caused everyone’s brow to rise in surprise. She gave them each a stern look before her eyes rested on Jason. “Are we going to stop being friends?” He pushed back his hair behind his ears and looked at her honestly.





“Well…I need to understand something.”





“Okay.” Amberly responded.





“When you told Robin about our pact…why? Why did you have to mention it?” Belinda was finally pulled from her funk. She watched the two of them with interest. Amberly’s expression was surprised.





“Well I told her because she told me that if I didn’t tell her about everything that happened between us, she would find out from you. I had one chance to lay my cards on the table if she was going to trust anything I had to say.” Her expression became pained. “Did you want me to hold that back? So that you could end up telling her later, and then she could think that I was just being…” She shrugged her small shoulders in defeat. “At the time I just thought that was the right thing to do.”





Jason sighed. “It was.” He understood now. It had just been her way of coming clean with everything. There was no reason to keep punishing her. She was trying hard to stay friends despite everything; despite his nasty attitude. “I want to stay friends. Your friendship is very important to me.”





Tears came to her eyes and she looked away in embarrassment at her show of emotion. “Cool.”





“Cool.” He said.





The two of them looked at Belinda and Peter who remained quiet for an uncomfortably long time. Peter finally cleared his throat.





“I never wanted to stop being friends.” He stared at Belinda who leaned back in her seat and crossed her arms. “I’m sorry that I hurt you. I didn’t…I’m sorry.”





“Fine.” Belinda said after a short pause. She unfolded her arms and straightened in her seat. “I don’t like being called Patty. Please don’t call me that anymore; any of you.”





Jason was the first to nod. Peter nodded next.





“Of course.” Amberly spoke. “And don’t call me Tramp Stamp again…even though no one ever did…but still I hate that name!”





Peter shrugged. “I’m still Link, that’s going to be my stage name when I make it big!”





“Actually, More Love is still growing. People are asking me for CD’s more than ever…what are we going to do about it?” Belinda spoke. The plan had been to stop selling the old music and only focus on new stuff but Jason and Link hadn’t produced anything new to record. Jason liked music and making it but…did he want to focus all of his attention on it was the question. He wanted to be with Robin now more than he wanted to make beats.





“We need to consider that WOS music is what will make us successful--independent of the group.” Peter spoke while chewing his burger and slurping his drink. His mood had greatly improved since Belinda had agreed to continue being friends.





“We better get back.” Jason said. He’d only eaten his fries and one bite of his burger. He was anxious that Robin not think that they had completely left. And while he knew that Mrs. Mathena was Robin’s mother, for some reason he didn’t want to leave her alone with that woman.





Chapter 17





When the transfusion was over, Robin felt tons better. She hadn’t recognized that over the last few days her strength had slowly began to fail. She seriously had no idea that anemia could have such an effect on one’s body. But now she felt a lot better. As stupid as it might seem…this all seemed to have been a blessing in disguise.





Jason’s mother had apologized and Robin could see that she sincerely didn’t harbor anything against her. As a matter of fact, this event allowed her to see how she and Jason truly felt about each other. Things seemed to be looking up. Belinda had shown up and walked straight to the bed and gripped her hand. ‘I’m sorry. Don’t be mad at me.’ And they had hugged. Robin realized that Belinda was the first real girlfriend that she’d ever had. Other school friends were just people to talk to or eat lunch with, but it was different with Belinda. She really liked the girl. And as far as Amberly, she would reserve judgment, but was happy that she had shown up despite the fact that Jason was giving her the cold shoulder. She still had the courage—or nerves to come around. Whatever…it took guts.





She had even been happy to see Mama…at first. And then she could clearly see that she hadn’t accepted Jason. Robin hoped that Mama would come to accept her boyfriend. But she knew that it would be a fight; a fight that her mother had no hope of winning. Jason was one of the few things that Robin was willing to go up against her mother’s hard words and temper.





The door opened and she braced herself when Mama entered the room, if for no other reason than that she looked neutral. She had seen this look before. Mama would try to slip her anger in between caring words.





“How are you feeling, baby?” Mama asked while sitting on the bed.





“So much better, Mama.”





Mama took her hands. “Well I wish that you hadn’t let them give you that damned transfusion.” Here we go…





“I feel so much better though.” Robin smoothed the covers over her legs. “And Dr. Sarma said that I can go home in another hour.” He wanted to make sure that she wasn’t experiencing any dizziness.





“Well, it’s too late to worry about it now. I just wouldn’t want to take any chances that you could catch someone else’s blood disorder!”





“Mom, it will be okay. The nurse told me exactly what to expect. I feel comfortable with it.”





“Hmph. Well I wouldn’t have done it.”





“Yes, I understand.” She tried not to sigh in frustration.





“So, you’ll come back to the house and relax-”





“No. I’m going back to my apartment.”





Mama just frowned at her, her brow creased heavily. “Robin, don’t be ridiculous. I’ll take you back to the house and you can sleep in your old room-”





Robin did sigh. “Mama, I just want to relax in my own bed-”





“And what if you black out? What if you get sick again?! Robin, I swear sometimes you just don’t consider all of the consequences for your actions. Someone needs to be there to keep an eye on you.” The door opened and Jason and others came in.





Robin ignored them for a moment as she gave her mother a long look. “Then I’ll go home with Jason. He can watch me.”





Betty Mathena’s mouth opened and closed. “Well…what about you sleeping in your own bed?” She seemed to suddenly understand the implications of her sleeping at Jason’s house and her face burned red. She stood up. “Fine, Robin. Do as you want.”





Robin was just getting ready to relent and tell her mother that she’d stay wither her, when Jason gave her a stern look. “Robin, you’re more than welcome to stay with me.” He turned to the older woman. “I’ll take care of her.”





Betty Mathena stared at him. “Look…can I talk to my daughter alone? I’d appreciate if you all could leave for a moment.”





Jason’s lip twisted as he bit back the urge to tell her not to stress Robin. The last thing she needed was someone needling her to do shit that she clearly didn’t want to do. But in the end he silently did as he was asked. The others followed, knowing that Robin was about to get the full brunt of her mother’s wrath. Belinda looked back over her shoulder trying to send Robin rays of encouragement. She wanted to say something but didn’t want to add to the crapfest that Robin was sure to experience.





Robin turned to her mother once the room was once again empty. “Yes, Mom?”





“Honey…I wanted to wait until we got home before I had this discussion with you, but do you think it’s wise to have an…’intimate’ relationship with a boy like that?”





“A boy like ‘what?’”





“You know what I’m talking about.”





“You mean, a boy with Cerebral Palsy?”





Her mother grimaced. “Is that what he has? Is he mentally…you know?”





“Jason is actually top in all of his college classes. I would say that he is probably smarter than most. He just can’t control his muscles the way the rest of us can.”





Her mother was shaking her head. “Well…honestly Robin, I don’t understand it. I don’t understand why him when you can be with anyone-”





“Mama, I don’t want to talk about this right now-”





“I’m just telling you how I feel-”





“I really like Jason.” She gave her mother an earnest look. “I want you to get to know him and give him a chance.”





Mrs. Mathena could barely believe the stern way in which her daughter was speaking to her. “Robin, your Dad and I raised you to see all people as equal. We didn’t raise you to differentiate between color or to judge people based on a disabilities. But damn…life with him will be so much harder than it has to be. And what about babies?”





Robin sighed again. “We just got together! We’re still brand new. I’ mean…neither of are thinking about babies. God, I just started dating him two weeks ago.”





“And you’re already having sex?”





Robin blushed. “I’m twenty-one-”





“I didn’t have sex with your Dad for over a year.”





“Mama you hated Daddy when you first met him-”





“If you get pregnant by a boy like that-“





“Mama, stop referring to him as ‘a boy like that’!” She rubbed her forehead and calmed her voice. “Now you understand why I didn’t want to go back to your house? Do you Mom?”





Betty gave her a shocked look, almost sputtering her response. “Don’t you ever tell me how I should turn a phrase. As a matter of fact, don’t you ever raise your voice at me! The things I say to you, I say out of love. How dare you snap at me because I care about what happens to you! I am being a mother, and nobody will love you more than I do!”





Robin stared at the wall.





“Look at me Robin!” Robin’s eyes moved to her mother’s. “Do you understand me?”





Robin felt warm tears prickling behind her eyes. Her heart was beating very hard in her chest and she wanted to tell her mother to shut up; to shut her big fat fucking mouth. She wanted to tell her to get the hell out of her face, out of her room, the way Jason had told his mother to get out of his apartment—that he didn’t want to see her face-





“Robin?”





She blinked and focused on her mother again. She realized that she was breathing very hard. “Ma’ame?”





“Are you okay?” Mama’s face was filled with sudden concern. For a moment, Robin had looked like she had blacked out with her eyes opened.





I have a bleeding ulcer and I’m in the hospital…yeah Mom, I’m doing pretty freaking good…Robin felt suddenly tired. “Yes, Mom.”





Her mother gave her a guilty look. She hadn’t meant to jump down her throat. It’s just that sometimes she pushed all of her wrong buttons; especially now that this…Jason, was in the picture—another mistake that Robin was making with her life. But she sighed. She knew when her words were falling on deaf ears. When Robin felt better she’d try to talk sense into her again.





She stood and walked slowly to the door. “I’ll leave you to your friends. I don’t want to get on your nerves.” She waited for Robin to speak. Robin just sat there looking sad, not even looking at her.





“I love you Robin.”





“I love you too Mom.” Robin murmured.





“So…you’re going to…his house?”





“Yes.”





Mrs. Mathena’s hand rested on the doorknob. “Church tomorrow, then?”





Robin finally looked up and met her mother’s eyes. “Yes. Jason and I will be at your house, ready for church.”





Betty Mathena froze, a surprised look on her face. Robin knew by her expression exactly what she was thinking; everyone at church will know. She dared her mother and her sanctimonious attitude to deny church to anyone—even Jason. Robin smiled when her mother couldn’t find a word to say. “Bye Mama. See you tomorrow.”





Betty left the room. She walked past the four people that were standing on the other side of the door, very obviously listening. They all tried to hold innocent expressions; well except for the one that her daughter had chosen. He couldn’t control his muscles enough to look innocent. He just looked plain stupid staring at her with his flopping head.





She despised him already.





“Bye Mrs. Mathena.” Amberly said.





“Bye.” She said without turning to face her.





“I’ll get your daughter home safely.” Peter called. Mrs. Mathena was frowning even harder. The boy in the wheelchair? What did he mean he would get her home safely? The big girl is the only one of them that should be driving a car! Betty ignored them.





Jason finally got to be with Robin with no mother’s watching. He clutched her hand and kissed it.





“Are you okay?”





“No.” She said honestly. Her heart was still pounding; more from the adrenalin rush of facing off with her mother—and this was only round one. She gave Jason a shaky smile. “But I will be as soon as we get to your place.”





Peter dropped Jason and Robin back at his apartment. He was back to sulking because he’d tried to give Belinda the eyes and she had ignored him and gotten into Amberly’s car to be driven home. Jason was a bit annoyed with him for even thinking about opening up that can of worms again. No sooner had he managed to salvage his friendship with her, than he was trying to creep back into her pants! He was an asshole sometimes.





“Thanks Man.” He said as they left the car.





“Yeah.” Peter said shortly.





When they were in the apartment, Robin just shook her head. “I feel so bad for Peter. You can tell that he loves her. Why is he being such an ass? He should just admit how he feels.” Jason shut and locked the door.





“I don’t know, babe. I think he is being honest about his feelings. They were good friends. That other stuff should have never happened.”





Robin checked the floor for any evidence of her getting sick. She did honestly feel better. Whether it was the blood transfusion or the pain killers she was again pain free. Other then feeling a bit tired and a slightly sore throat, she felt as good as new. But she knew that she would have to take it easy. The pain earlier was about the worse that she’d ever experienced. She gave Jason an embarrassed look. “Who cleaned?”





“I did.”





She grimaced. “Oh. I’m so sorry, Jason. You shouldn’t have had to clean my mess.”





He shrugged. “It’s not biggie. You do more for me on a daily basis than that.”





He gestured for her to come give him a kiss and she backed away quickly, covering her mouth. “I need to brush my teeth!” She hurried to the bathroom and slammed the door thinking about all of the barfing she had done. Ugh! And the bathroom was a mess! She found the cleaning supplies under the sink and began scrubbing away.





Jason chuckled to himself, finding her shyness very endearing. He wheeled to the computer and put on some music. “Hey Sweetheart?! Are you going to be hungry? I can make you some soup.” He wheeled into the kitchen and located a can of Progresso Chicken Noodle soup. “Robin?” Distantly he heard her respond that she was a little hungry. He opened the soup with the electric opener and then poured the contents carefully into a bowl and placed it in the microwave. He grabbed two bottled waters, placed one on the table and carried the other back to the computer where he pulled up his homework.





“Baby?” He bellowed a few minutes later. “What are you doing?” He wheeled to the bathroom door and heard the shower running. “Robin?”





“What?” She called.





“What are you doing?”





He could hear her laughing. “What do you think?”





He grinned. “How many guesses do I get?” She laughed again. “Can I open the door?” He was serious now. “I just don’t want you to black out or anything…”





“It’s unlocked.” He felt better once the door was open and then he could go back and work on his homework.





He checked his watch after a few more minutes and then he went into the kitchen, stirred the soup that was still in the microwave and heated it for another minute. “Baby!” He yelled. “Are you still showering?!”





He could hear her laugh again. “Jesus. I’ve only been in here fifteen minutes! I’m shaving my legs.”





“With my razor?”





“No, babe. I found some sandpaper under the sink. I thought I’d rub the hair off my legs with it.” Jason smiled. He loved her sarcasm. He was happy that she was getting used to sharing it with him.





Finally, after nearly half an hour, she left the bathroom and darted into the bedroom to dress. She came out a few minutes later wearing one of Jason’s shirts and panties from her overnight bag. He looked up from his studies and just stared at her.





Damn…she looked amazing. The short curls of her hair glistened with some moisturizer and was still damp from the shampooing she’d given it. The shirt she’d chosen was long enough to cover her bottom and her dark brown legs were perfect; shapely, smooth-looking, and she even had a dimple on each of her knees that he’d never before noticed.





He swallowed and scratched his grimy hair. “Your soup is in the microwave, water on the table. Um…I’m going to take a bath and brush my teeth while you eat. I’ll be right out, okay?”





She padded bare footed into the kitchen. “Okay, Jason.” She opened the microwave and got her soup and while Jason bathed she devoured every delicious drop. She hadn’t eaten all day though she’d had an IV…was that food? Whatever, she was still hungry! She slurped up the soup and sucked down the water, half of it in one drink! Afterwards, she curled up on the couch and listened to the music playing from the playlist; something she didn’t recognize—funky, hiphop, no vocals. After a moment she got a mischievous smile on her face.





“Jason?!” She called.





“What?” He responded faintly from the bathroom.





“What are you doing?” She grinned. “Don’t make me come in there and check on you!”





“I’m painting the perfect picture, I’m composing the perfect song…I’m solving the mysteries of the universe.”





“Okay, well you better hurry up, I’m getting bored!”





“I promise that I won’t be half an hour.”





“Who is this playing, babe?” She was really enjoying the music; it was so mellow.





“9th Wonder.”





“Hmmm…never heard of them.”





“Him. He’s a hiphop producer. J Dilla was my favorite, all time producer. But 9th Wonder is pretty close.” Jason began running down the artists that he’d produced. He loved talking music and he began doing this as he washed.





“Earykah Badu, Luda, Destiny’s Child. He’s all over the place! He samples the oldies like Al Green, Curtis Mayfield.” He finished rinsing his hair and then pulled himself up to the edge of the tub. Then he maneuvered himself onto the towel that he had folded onto the seat.





“Babe?” No answer. He grabbed a second towel and roughly dried his hair while also trying to wheel into the living room. Still naked and wet he stopped short of the couch. Robin was sleeping soundly, curled in a fetal position with her hands folded beneath her head. Her full lips were slightly parted and he would have kissed her if not for the fear of waking her from the well needed rest.





Jason wheeled back into the bedroom and finished drying and then dressed. Robin was still sleeping when he returned to the living room, so he finished up his homework and began digging for breaks, donning studio headphones so as not to wake her. She slept for about four hours before suddenly sitting up. He looked over at her.





“Robin?”





She jumped up and darted to the bathroom. He heard her retching. “Robin!” He rushed to the bathroom. She was kneeling on the floor and vomiting into the toilet. “Shit.” He wheeled into the bathroom, cursing again at his inability to not get close enough without rolling over her feet. He put his hand on the back of her head, lightly stroking her hair.





“What’s wrong?”





“Soup…wouldn’t stay down.” She coughed and gagged and tried not to vomit but it erupted from her again, blood was evident but not as much as before. Jason was worried. They had stopped the bleeding but what if violent vomiting reopened what the Doctor had so painstakingly cauterized? He rubbed her shoulders lightly and after that last she didn’t vomit again.





She looked tired and a little afraid. Her stomach ached a little but the sharp stabbing pains did not return.





“Robin, remember the pamphlet said that your ulcer might cause you to puke after you eat; they said about 3 or 4 hours later, right?” She nodded and dragged herself up to her feet where she rinsed her mouth and brushed her teeth again.





Jason flushed the toilet and when she was finished he pulled her down into his lap. “Poor baby.” He crooned. She smiled slightly and snuggled against him.





“Does it hurt?” Jason asked.





“Just a little soreness.” Jason wheeled them back into the living room and grabbed the remote control. “How about we sit on the couch and get comfortable? Do you want to watch a movie, videos-?”





Makeout. That is what she wanted to do. She moved over to the couch to join Jason thinking that he hadn’t made much of an attempt to makeout with her. Not that she could blame him, with all of the puking she’d done today. She sighed. “You know, I want to watch all of the wheels of Steels videos; the ones you didn’t put on YouTube.”





“How do you know that I have videos that aren’t on YouTube?” He was connecting something from the computer to the big screen.





“Because you’re a perfectionist. So I’m sure you have all kinds of stuff that you don’t want anyone else to see.”





He started pecking on the computer. “Okay, so you do know me.” Suddenly the computer feed began playing through to the television and she saw the Wheels of Steel gang playing around and having fun. Peter and Jason were making beats and Robin laughed. Jason had short hair! She made a wolf whistle as Jason joined her on the couch. He placed his arms around her.





“You like the short hair?” He was surprised. Most people liked it long.





“I think it’s sexy.”





“Do you want me to cut my hair?” She reached up and slid her hands into his curls. His eyes closed and he groaned.





“That feels good.” He leaned forward and kissed her; softly and sensually. He pulled back, not wanting any temptation that he could not act on. She smiled happily, leaning her head against his neck and shoulder; her favorite spot in the entire world.





“I love you, Jason.”





“You said it first!”





“What?”





“I always say it first. And then you say, ‘I love you too.’”





“I do?”





“Yep.” He squeezed her to him.





“I promise to say it first more often.” He nodded. “Jason?”





“What, Sweetheart?”





“I’m going to church tomorrow with my mother. Will come with us?”





“Your Mom is going to hate that.”





“I know.”





“Is the plan for her to like me or hate me?”





Robin sighed. “The plan is for ME to like you. And that plan is already working.”





Later in the evening after having dinner…again, Robin stepped up behind Jason as he worked on the computer. She rubbed his shoulders while he sighed in contentment.





“Jason?”





“Hmmm?” His eyes were closed in pleasure at the feel of her hands on him.





“I want you to do something for me.” She whispered into his ear.





Oh jeez. That statement had made him instantly erect. “Okay.”





“Sing for me baby.”





Jason’s eyes popped open. He turned to look at her. “Robin…I wish I could. But I can’t control my singing voice.”





“I know. That’s why I want you to sing. It will be special. It will be just for me.” He blushed furiously. “Don’t tell me that you’ve never sang before; even in private?”





He shrugged. She had finally done it; she had caused Jason to be at a loss for words.





“You ask me to do things that are hard for me all of the time.” She said earnestly.





“But I only ask you to do things that you are good at. You want me to do something that I suck at.” Robin moved to sit in his lap and she stared into his eyes deeply.





“Don’t be embarrassed to use the voice that god gave you. I love you Jason and I love your voice. Sing for me.” A frown flickered across his brow as he seemed to consider her request. He looked at her and began to sing a song that she had never heard. His voice was almost like the spoken poets that she used to hear doing poetry slams on TV. Of course it was halting and sometimes he stuttered, but he had a rhythm and gait that indicated he’d done this before.





When he finished the entire song he just stared at her.





“Wow.” She hugged him. “That was so beautiful, Jason. What was that?”





“Hurt. The Johnny Cash version, not the Nine Inch Nails version.”





“Johnny Cash.” Again he had surprised her. He listened to Johnny Cash? “Can you play it for me?” She was intrigued. They went to the computer and he pulled it up on YouTube. She listened to it, never having thought of Johnny Cash as someone that she’d ever want to listen to, but as she watched the music video and listened to the lyrics, mixed with his voice, goose pimples began to move up and down her spine.





“Remember when you said you’d sing me 3 songs the next time you saw me?”





She smiled. “Yes.”





“Will you sing me to sleep later tonight?”





“Lullabies?”





“Love songs.”





“Mmm, okay babe.” She kissed him wanting to linger into it, feel his hands on her but after a few moments he reached past her and began pulling up obscure music from groups that she wasn’t familiar with, searching for beats that he liked. After a while she got up and retrieved his laptop from his book bag and began surfing the net for things that she’d wanted to look up and hadn’t had the time to do; perforated ulcers, Baclofen pump, Cerebral Palsy. She signed into her Yahoo Messenger and sent him a message.





~Hi Top…haven’t talked to you in a while~





~Sorry, Sweetheart. I met this amazing girl and she’s had all of my attention~





~Aww shucks, because I have a great big crush on you. Sometimes Top, I fantasize about us…I’m doing that right now. I keep thinking about this morning and how close I was—before we were interrupted~





Jason immediately powered down his computer and wheeled his chair to her. He took the laptop out of her hands and placed it on the couch.





“Maybe we should go to bed now.” He said breathlessly.





Robin hid a smirk. She was just learning the power of seduction. Sheesh, she should have done that hours ago! They could have been making love all of this time instead of messing around on the computer! Making love…Robin practically skipped into the bedroom and jumped onto the bed. She noted that Jason could move fast in his wheelchair.





He slipped off his shirt and tossed it into the chair, and then pulled down his pants without unbuttoning them since they were relatively loose. When he was just down to boxers he slid onto the bed and gave Robin a nervous smile.





“Maybe…I don’t want to hurt you.”





“What? You mean because of the ulcer?” He nodded.





She stroked his face as he propped himself up on his elbow and watched her. “While your penis…um dick…is big, it’s not that big. I promise that it won’t touch the ulcer.”





“You know what I mean,” he sighed. “I don’t want to put your body under too much stress.”





Robin threw her head back and laughed. It was a gut busting, belly shaking laugh. She managed to look at him sincerely. “Jason Lane Hamilton, if you don’t fuck me very soon my body will be in very big stress!” Yes, her stomach ached some, but it was not nearly as intense as her desire for him.





Jason didn’t say another word. He just rolled over on her; covering her with his body, most of his weight distributed between her legs as he propped himself up on his elbow.





“Grab the condom.”





“Now?” Her brows went up.





“Yeah. I’m ready.” Robin laughed and reached into the drawer for the condom. Jason was gyrating his hard-on against her. God, he wasn’t kidding; he was rock hard.





Jason just pushed down his boxers over his ass and rolled slightly to the side while Robin slipped it on him. She would never stopped being amazed at how big it got. It was so huge; it was one thing to fantasize about it, when you weren’t seeing it disappearing inside of your body. But at moments like this, when it was throbbing between them, it just seemed unbelievable.





Jason was pushing down her panties and she kicked one leg free before he rolled back into position between her thighs. She tried to flick it from around her ankle but Jason’s insistent gyrating soon caused her to forget about it. He caught her mouth with his and it was like he was a heat seeking missile, her lips the target. No matter how she turned her head, his lips were there.





Robin brought her legs up around his waist. She had never done that before. She wasn’t ready yet, but she could feel him against her clit; rubbing and grinding into her. He was trying to make her go crazy! Robin’s eyes rolled up in her head as she groaned and shivered.





“Fuckkkkk….” She murmured.





Jason nipped her ear and said softly, “What?”





“Fuck.” She repeated, her body quaked.





“Say it again, Sweetheart.” His hard shaft rubbed up and down against her swelling labia and now her juices were flowing and it caused the sensations to intensify as his pace quickened.





Robin panted, head rolling back and forth. “Oh fuck, Jason! Fuck, fuck fuck!”





He cried out and reached between them, slipping the head of his dick into her wet opening. He could feel her muscles rapidly opening and closing. He withdrew and she called out, but then he teased her clit with his swollen head.





Robin’s hands gripped his shoulders and she rolled her hips against his. “Jason! Please!”





He couldn’t resist any longer and he slipped into her, slowly and completely. The keening sound of pleasure that Robin made was difficult for Jason to interpret. But when her arms went around his neck and she was whimpering, ‘Yes, Yes and Yes!’ He knew that it was a good sound. And then he could concentrate on how excellent his dick felt being engulfed by her contracting muscles.





‘God, I want to die in this pussy…’ He thought as he tried not cum. ‘Please cum, Robin.’ He prayed. ‘Please please please!’





“Come on, baby.” He murmured into her ear. “Cum, baby, please cum.”





She nodded her head. “Okay,” she said breathlessly. “Okay…ahhh! Okay…” Sweat was rolling down her face and her legs were trembling. The feeling mounting inside of her was so big that it scared her, she was almost too afraid to allow it to grip her. But Jason’s words of encouragement finally allowed her mind to relax and before she knew it Robin DeMara Mathena was having her first orgasm—not the climax that is just a release of sexual buildup; but the complete and total thing; the big ‘O’!





“Oh my freaking god!” She screamed. Her body began to buck and at first Jason thought she wanted him to stop because she was jerking and thrashing but when he slowed down she screamed and pulled his hair. So he sped up and she growled and pulled his hair. He could feel his cum waiting to explode from his body but he was too mesmerized by her reaction; he had to watch her a few more precious moments before he released the controlling grip on his own orgasm.





Somewhere, in another apartment far far away, another couple would hear their love cries and cover their mouths in laughter, cutting off their television so that they could listen for more, wondering who the lucky people getting pounded were.





Robin kept making whimpering sounds long after the orgasm ended. Jason lay limply on his side, watching her like she was a new music video.





“Are you okay, baby?”





“Meh.” Was her response.





“Huh?”





Her hand flopped up and patted his thigh. He supposed that meant yes. He smiled. Is that why people used to touch his dick? Because they knew that a big dick could make a woman feel like this? He wondered distantly if his Dad had been packing and if that was the reason his Mom had tolerated him for so long and took so much shit off of him.





Robin discovered that she was soaking wet and at first she thought the condom had broken, but it hadn’t. She sat up weakly and touched the sheet. Did she pee?! Oh my god. Jason was looking at the wet bed, too. It didn’t smell like pee, and she would have remembered doing that.





“What is that?”





“I think you sprayed.”





She gave him a confused look. “Is that real? I thought that was like tying a cherry stem with your tongue and shooting golf balls out of your vagina.”





“What else could it be?”





Robin climbed out of bed and stumbled on her weakened legs. Jason watched proudly. “Get up. I’m going to change the sheets.” She gave him a stern look as he moved to the wheelchair. “And we never speak of this again!”





“Baby, I think it’s sexy.”





She was pulling the sheets off the bed. “Well I don’t want to be spraying like I’m a dog!”





He laughed and while she put fresh sheets on the bed, tried to convince her that a female ejaculation was something to be proud of. At the word ‘ejaculation’ she got more disgusted.





Jason rolled into the bathroom and got rid of the condom and once they were both in bed again Jason moved down.





She grimaced. “Oh Jason, I’m too sore. What are you doing?”





“I want to taste it.”





“Oh gross.” But he moved between her legs and allowed his tongue to glide along her inner thighs where the female ejaculant had dried. At first Robin hoped he would hurry and satisfy his curiosity. But after a few minutes of his tongue on her inner thigh and his lips on her damp pubis, her body began to warm up. And then her vagina began to lose its natural lubricant and Jason’s mouth was again a heat seeking missile; locating and devouring every luscious drop.





She was too sore to make love again and then Jason was cursing his big dick. But she did let him finger and fondle her and while she rubbed his dick Jason came a second time.





It was two in the morning and they were in bed kissing and talking. “How bad did your mother piss you off when she yelled at you?” Jason asked.





“Oh. You heard that?” She blushed.





“Of course. I was just outside the door.”





“Eavesdropper!” She sighed. “She made me pretty mad.” She suddenly remembered her Mom talking about their babies and how she should never have any with him and her embarrassment deepened. “I’m sorry that you had to hear that-”





“Let’s make a pact…” Her eyes flitted to his and then away and this time he blushed.





“Sorry, bad choice of words. A promise. Let’s never apologize for what our mother’s do. We are not our parents.” She kissed him once.





“Yes. That’s a good promise.”





Jason moaned and then rolled over onto his back. “Robin. I’m going to…have a…”





“Seizure?” He nodded. When it was over she rubbed his naked chest and waited for his eyes to open.





“Hmmm.” He said, eyes still closed. “I didn’t get a huge hard-on. I think I’m too exhausted.”





She moved the sheet back. “Semi,” she announced. She lay back down, head resting on his shoulder. She fondled his nipple and he jumped and gripped her wrist.





“Jesus, Robin!” She watched him curiously as he relaxed again and noted that the sheet had greatly risen.





“What is it about you and your nipples?”





He shook his head. “Touching my nipples is like…giving me a blowjob. It’s that powerful.”





“Wow…even when you touch them yourself?”





He nodded and yawned.





“Jason…”





“No…” He already knew what she was going to say next. “I’m too tired…”





“I want to see if I can make you cum just by touching your nipples.” He groaned reluctantly. “Please?”





“Ahhh…Okay, go for it.” He closed his eyes.





“No touching yourself.” She instructed. Jason nodded his agreement.





Robin sat up and reached over and flicked his nipple. Jason squirmed and bit his lip, eyes squeezing shut. She traced a slow circle around his dusky aureole, feeling it bead beneath her fingertips and harden. Jason’s back arched and he moaned. Robin could not believe how much he enjoyed this.





She lowered her mouth over his nipple and sucked it while she continued rubbing the other. Jason’s body suddenly stiffened and she saw him gripping the sheet. He started groaning loudly. “I’m going to cum!” He said in a rush of breath. And then his hips began to pump into the air as he made small, repetitive grunting sounds. She lightly squeezed his nipple and he cried out loudly and then his hand was beneath the sheet stroking himself.





He gave her a tired look. “Told you.”





“Is that the CP?”





“I think so.” She thought about what it would be like for Amberly; the both of them, their sensitive skin…and then she buried the thought away.





“Baby…your seizure and your orgasm are so similar.” He opened his eyes but didn’t say anything. “What if…one day we’re doing it and you go into a seizure?”





“That will probably happen, Robin.” He looked at her closely. “Powerful emotions can trigger them. Does it bother you?”





She shook her head and averted her eyes. “What should I do?”





“Are you asking me if you should continue? Because I would love nothing more than to wake up to the sight of you making love to me.” He pulled her into his arms and nuzzled the top of her head.





After a few moments of quiet, Robin began to hum softly and then began singing a song by Paramore called The Only Exception. Next she sang Poetry Man since he always seemed to want that. And when that was over she paused. Robin listened for his loud even breathing and determined that he was asleep so she sang the last song only because she didn’t think he’d hear it; To be Invisible by Curtis Mayfield.





“What are you doing singing a song like that?” He asked in a sleep gruff voice.





She lifted her head. “I thought you were sleeping. Were you faking?”





“No.” He rubbed her shoulders, eyes half closed. “You start singing something by Curtis Mayfield and I’m wide awake.” He kissed her. “Robin, no more being invisible—no matter what happens, okay? Promise me.”





“I’m not invisible.” She finally said.





“Right.”





Chapter 18





“I’m too tired for church.” Jason announced the next day. His hands moved beneath her shirt and she pushed them away gently.





“Don’t…not before church.” She whispered as if god was watching her.





He lay on his back and smiled to himself. “That felt good last night, didn’t it?”





She climbed out of bed. “Yes! I can’t wait to do it again, but not until after church!”





He sat up, leaning on his elbows. “You never answered my question.”





“What?” She was considering the logistics of getting back home and into church clothes.





“Do you want me to cut my hair?”





She squinted at him. “For my mother? No way! I don’t care what she thinks about your hair.”





“No, silly, for you.”





“Jason, I love your hair whether it’s short or long. But it seems like you would be able to handle it better if it was short.” Though she didn’t mind combing and brushing it. It reminded her of when she was a kid with dolls whose hair she combed so much that they were all half bald. She never understood how she couldn’t have silky hair like her dolls or like Mama. But as time went on she grew to love her hair and to stop trying to tame it with relaxers.





“Come on, baby, get up. We gotta get back to my place so I can change.”





“Mmmm, Robin’s mysterious lair. I’ve been waiting to see that.” The two of them got ready to head to her apartment. She warned him that it was too small to be wheelchair accessible and so although he knew that he should not be walking, he put on braces and used his crutches.





He was dressed in khaki pants and a button up shirt and jacket. He looked like the college students that she had pictured in her mind before she had actually seen the real thing and realized that they didn’t dress like preppy rich kids after all.





Robin left Jason in her living room to explore while she hurried to the bedroom to slip into a Sunday dress. The first thing Jason did was to open the curtains. This place was dark. He wasn’t surprised that it was neat but was surprised that it was small and didn’t reflect any personality. She had no pictures on the walls and no real knick knacks. She did have a bookshelf that was over run with all kinds of books. On the bookshelf, where a small nook was left, there was a picture of a dark skinned black man. It was Robin’s father without a doubt. He had her smile and her round face. He picked it up, examining it for a moment.





There was a television set within an entertainment center and he examined the music he found. Very eclectic. Robin had lots of oldies some Aaliyah, Eagles, Ludacris, Nappy Roots, Alexander Hamilton. He went into the kitchen next and checked out her fridge; barely any food. Well she was hardly ever here. He sighed.





He didn’t like her apartment.





He went to the bedroom where Robin was rooting around her closet floor for the proper shoes. Jason’s eyes scanned every inch of the small space and then he smiled. This was Robin; this room, this is where all of her life was reflected! It was in the Erykah Badu poster that was on her wall, the oversized bed with a suede comforter, crazy shag rug, another bookshelf with more books, dresser with more photographs; this time including her mom, dad and herself.





She had clothes on her floor and a laptop on her bedside table and different types of perfume and makeup littering the top of her dresser. He grinned. There was a pink shopping bag from Victoria Secrets and he smiled even brighter.





He sat down on the edge of the bed and watched her slip on pumps, find accessories, moisturize her hair, spritz on perfume, apply makeup, before she finally turned to him with a nervous smile.





“How do I look?”





“Good enough to eat…but you told me that I have to wait until after church before I can do that.” He winked at her to let her know that he was just kidding.





They got to Robin’s mother’s house a bit early because Robin explained that her mother hated tardiness. When she moved to get his wheelchair Jason said that he wanted to walk. Robin gave him a doubtful look.





“Well…how are your legs?”





“Not bad.” They would get bad, but not for hours.





“Jason, if they get sore I’ll get the wheelchair, so just let me know.” He promised that he would, even though he knew he wouldn’t. He would just grin and bear it because he wanted more than anything to walk today for his girl. They went up to the porch and Jason saw Robin’s mother peering at them from the front window. Instead of just opening the door, she waited until after Robin had rung the bell. Well, it was obvious that she intended to play games.





Mrs. Mathena opened the door and her eyes took him in. Now that he was standing he was taller than her and that fact seemed to surprise her.





“Hello Justin.”





“It’s Jason, Mom.”





“Hello.” He replied.





“Oh, I’m so sorry.” She pulled Robin into a hug and Jason cringed. She even had to force her hugs onto people. Grrr! Well he had already developed a dislike for this woman, but he still wanted to maintain some type of relationship with her.





“Come inside, you two.” She led the way into a big spacious house. It was picture perfect; Better Homes and Garden; a house that you looked at not lived in.





Betty had spent a restless night thinking about Robin’s stomach ailments and their disagreement from the night before. She could not seem to get it out of her mind that her daughter might be loss to her due to cancer or an ulcer that had gone unchecked. She was ashamed that her last few words with her could be about who she was dating. Robin was all that Betty had and though she wanted the world for her, she realized that her nagging words would just upset Robin more. So last night she had resolved to make the best of what she had to deal with…for now.





As she glanced at the boy that her daughter was fooling around with, she was a bit surprised that he was standing and getting around on crutches. It made him seem less…disabled. She didn’t like him, that wasn’t going to change, but she would wait for a better time to convince her daughter of that very obvious fact.





“You have a beautiful home, Ma’ame.” Jason said.





Mrs. Mathena turned and clutched her hands. “Well, this is the home that Robin grew up in. To hear her talk you might think that it was a dungeon.” She said, not looking Jason directly in the eyes. “Do you want something to drink? Robin can get us refreshments while we visit. Have a seat Jason.” She gestured to a wing chair and he moved slowly to it and sat down. Robin went off to the kitchen, reluctant to leave the two of them alone.





“So. I understand that you are in school.”





“Yes Ma’ame. I go to the University of Cincinnati.”





“And what are you studying?”





“Computers and business.”





“I see. Do you like it?”





“Yes. Robin told me that you were a CPA. I thought about taking accounting. I like numbers.”





“You like what?” She asked.





“Numbers.” He said, trying not to slur his words. “I like numbers.”





“Oh.” She said, distracted by his voice. “Is Robin your first girlfriend?”





Wow, what a jump in subject. “Yes. And I’m her first boyfriend.”





“True.” Mrs. Mathena sat back a bit. “What do your parent’s do for a living?”





“My Mom works for The Friend’s of the Public Library.”





“Oh, she’s a librarian?”





“No. She’s one of the Chairpeople for the Nonprofit organization; the Cincinnati Branch. They help bring in the support for the libraries and they orchestrate the fundraising activities.” Mrs. Mathena’s brow moved up slightly. She was surprised to hear that. The woman looked little more than trailer park trash to her; wearing her tight jeans, t-shirt, and a ponytail, but she supposed that anyone could clean up well.





Robin came in then carrying a tray with three glasses filled with iced tea. One glass had a straw in it. She handed that one to Jason who took it carefully. It was only filled halfway and Betty watched him curiously. His fingers moved slowly, seeming to stretch or bend without his urging. She watched Robin hold the glass until she knew that he had a firm grip on it, before handing another glass to her mother and then sitting down on the couch next to her.





“Thank you, Robin.” Jason said and took a sip of tea, utilizing the straw.





“Thank you, honey.” She added.





“You’re welcome.”





“And what does your Dad do?”





“My Dad owns several sporting goods stores in Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio.”





Betty looked at him with more interest. Even Robin hadn’t known that, and she listened intently. Of course they never talked about his Dad. She was curious about him but that wasn’t a topic that he seemed willing to discuss.





“Which stores?” Betty asked.





“Fleet Sports.”





“Fleet?” She leaned forward suddenly. “Those are your Father’s stores?” Well…this boy was rich.





“Yes.”





Robin’s mouth parted. Why hadn’t he mentioned this before? No wonder his mother was worried about whether or not she was taking his money. And no wonder he never seemed to care about his share of the DJ gigs, or the CD sales. Jason had money.





They talked for a few moments more, just about the beautiful weather, and if Jason was a member of a church; which he indicated he wasn’t. Robin noticed that her mother seemed less judgmental. She didn’t think that meant that she actually was this way, but just that she was politely concealing any negativity. Robin wasn’t complaining, though.





They loaded into her mother’s car; Jason in the front seat so that he could stretch his long legs. He gave Robin an apologetic look to which she squeezed his hands as if to say, ‘you’re the one that has to sit next to her, so my apologies.’





They arrived at World Christ Fellowship Church before services. Many people mingled around the entrance and Jason was curious at how he would be introduced. The first person to greet them was a tall, older black man. He reached out to take Mrs. Mathena’s hand while watching him in open curiosity.





“Sister Betty, how are you?” The man reached out to take Robin’s hand. “Hi, honey. Who is your guest?” Robin opened her mouth but her mother was quicker.





“This is Jason Hamilton. He is a friend of Robin’s.” The man held out his hand for Jason to shake and he did, giving the man’s hand a firm grip.





“Hello Jason, I’m Elder Morris Preston. Great to see you today.”





“Thank you.” Jason responded. “I’m happy to be here.”





Two other women joined them and Betty looked cool as she introduced Jason again as Robin’s friend. Jason noticed that the people were curious but polite and they asked him questions about church and where he had gone before. When he said that he didn’t have a church family they seemed to converge on him all the more.





Robin hid a grin as they exchanged glances, especially when First Lady said that they would sure love to have Jason as a regular member. They gave him a jar of homemade preserves with the church’s card attached.





Jason was pleasantly surprised at how welcomed he was made to feel. He had never been to an all black church before. The only other church experience that he’d had was as a child when an outreach group had sent a school bus around to various children with disabilities. He attended Sunday school until he had a seizure which freaked everyone out. The school bus never picked him up again.





Sometimes people asked how he and Robin knew each other and no matter what she was doing, Mrs. Mathena made sure to stop in order to state that Robin was a caregiver and that he was one of her clients. He and Robin exchanged secret looks, neither seemed to care that she had yet to use the phrase; my daughter’s boyfriend.





Service was due to begin and Robin leaned towards Jason to whisper in his ear as everyone entered the church.





“Are you going to have a seizure during the service?”





“Most probably.” He responded honestly.





“We usually sit near the center but we can sit in back if you want.” He nodded his agreement. To have a seizure during a church service would be bad but to have it IN FRONT of the entire congregation sucked big time.





“Momma, Jason and I are going to sit in back in case he has a seizure.” She said to Betty who was waiting for them to follow her to their seats.





“A seizure?” Her face looked tense. What was this about a seizure? Why hadn’t Robin mentioned this before?!





“Robin…” She took her daughter’s arm and led her away a few steps. “You can’t have that boy disrupt services by having a seizure.”





“He won’t disrupt it. He’s pretty quiet. I can tell Pastor to just continue-”





“Oh no! You two are going to have to leave.”





Robin gave her mother a surprised look. “Leave?” She could barely believe what she was hearing. “Leave…no. I’m not going to leave.” People walked past them and Betty gave them huge, fake grins. Robin just sulked. Betty wanted to pinch her and tell her to put on her church face.





“Robin dear,” she whispered again. “These folks are our church family; but there are some big gossips in here-” The organ music began and Robin took a step away from her mother.





“Mama, service is starting. You better take your seat and Jason and I are going to be right here in back.” Robin walked away before she could say another word. Sweat was beading on her forehead and she felt suddenly tense. Jason leaned heavily on his crutches waiting for Robin to reach him. He could see the stress on her face and he frowned.





“What’s wrong?” She just shook her head and led him back to one of the last pews. The church was a nice size but there were still no empty pews; they had a great Pastor and a large congregation. They sat down next to a young couple. She remembered when they had gotten married because they were a couple in their twenties—her age-- and she had wondered when her day would come. Now she gave them a brief smile as she and Jason took their seats, each greeting the other with head nods and smiles. Robin wondered if this would be her and Jason’s church and one day it might be him and her getting married here. She gripped his hand and then the tension eased from her body. He gave her a worried look but her smile let him know that she was doing better.





The Pastor’s sermon was filled with themes that made Robin think about herself and her relationship with her mother. He preached about being saved and knowing that you are going to heaven because you have applied the principals of Christ into your life. Robin wondered if her mother was truly listening to the message or if she was just nodding her head and saying, ‘amen’, ‘praise Jesus’ like so many did.





Her stomach began to hurt. She knew what she had to do. She had to testify today; and she’d never done it before in her entire life. But this was her church family, she knew that they loved her, and there was something that she had to say.





Jason had not known what to expect of the sermon, but he was surprised to feel drawn in to the words that the Pastor spoke. He thought, for the first time in years, about his soul, spiritualism, god. Had he lived his life in a good way? Was he a good person? He’d made Robin cry, he’d caused his caregiver to fall down the steps and at the time he had hoped that she had broken her neck. Maybe he should give conscious thought to his salvation.





After the Pastor spoke there was music and the choir began to sing. Jason sat up even straighter. He wished that he had brought a recorder! The music was phenomenal, the singing sublime. He glanced at Robin, hearing her singing softly along with the choir. As beautiful as they sounded, they had nothing on her.





Robin gave his hand a short squeeze. “I’ll be right back.” Then she got up and left. He watched her leave the room, curious, but then his attention was back to the choir. After a few moments, the music slowed and the Pastor asked if anyone wanted to testify. A little old lady got up and moving like she had springs on her orthopedic shoes, she rushed to the front of the church.





“Thank you Lord God, for getting me through. It’s been rough; my son lost his job and money has been hard to come by. The church helped us out a lot; praise god, and if not for you Lord, I don’t know how we would have made it. Thank you.” Everyone applauded and then Robin was climbing the stairs. Jason looked on surprised.





“Hello everyone,” she said bravely. “This has been my church family for as long as I can remember. My first memories are here, of me, my Daddy, my Mama, coming to church, me going to Sunday school. This church has taught me my core values; how I want to live my life, how I want to treat people.” Robin’s eyes found her mother who looked on with stunned surprise.





“I love this church, and the people in it. You’ve been here for me and my Mama when my father was dealing with cancer, and then you were here for us during the funeral and after he passed. I want to thank you all for that, as well as welcoming my boyfriend, Jason today.” Eyes seemed to seek out Jason and he grinned and blushed slightly as the ‘eyes’ found him and offered more unspoken welcome.





“Sometimes it’s difficult for a person with a disability to be comfortable around new people and to feel accepted even though they have, slurred speech, a seizure, or might need to use a wheelchair. But no one has made him feel anything but welcomed. Thank you again.” Robin stepped off the stage to sounds of applause.





She had sounded comfortable-or hoped she had-but she was trembling like a leaf as she made her way back to Jason amidst people’s hands reaching out to give her an encouraging touch. She smiled her appreciation and sat down quickly next to the person that she had proudly claimed as her boyfriend.





When she had passed her mother, Betty wouldn’t even meet her eye.





After the service ended, it seemed that all 150 members of the church wanted to satisfy their curiosity about Jason and he didn’t mind at all. He talked to them, and found one guy that he knew from school. Robin sought out her mother who was quiet.





“I’m proud of you for getting up there and testifying.” Betty said.





“Proud of what I said?”





Betty’s lips formed an unhappy line. “Yes, even if I don’t always agree, I’m still proud of what you said and what you did.” Their eyes met and Betty reached out tentatively. Robin closed the space between them and hugged her mother. “I’m sorry I asked you to leave.” She whispered and Robin felt her mother’s tears splash on her neck. “I’m sorry that I…I’m just sorry.”





Robin pulled back and gently wiped her mother’s tears away with her thumb, and then she wiped away her own. “Momma, I’m going to ask Jason to be a member of the church.”





Betty nodded. Better a god-fearing cripple than a god-hating one.





***





The three of them decided to eat at the potluck dinner that was being held down in the lower level of the church. “I think Mama is learning to accept you.” Robin whispered to him.





Jason looked down the end of the long table and met the eyes of Robin’s mother who was staring at him as he ate. She quickly plastered on a big smile. He looked back at Robin.





“I think maybe you’re right.” He gave her a supportive smile. But he knew that woman was hoping he would choke and die on a chicken bone.





Unfortunately, he almost did just that. Robin had whispered to him the items that he shouldn’t eat even though she had placed them on his plate. She put the items on his plate because she didn’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings but she told him not to eat the dressing because she thought Miss Maybelle might have made it and she was the worst cook in the world. Don’t eat the potato salad because Miss Constance daughter made it and she always had a drippy nose and people claimed that it often times dripped in the food she was making. He should eat double helpings of baked ham, candy yams and green beans because the three best cooks in the world had prepared them.





He had been extra careful about not spilling food out of his mouth and Robin had cut up his meat extra small and when he talked to the people around him he made sure that the food was swallowed first. He was on his second helping of the delicious ham when his body began to feel weak and his head to feel light.





“Robin.”





She turned to him with a happy smile because the couple that they had been sitting next to during the service had just informed her that they were expecting. “Yes, Jason?” She saw that his face was very serious.





“Seizure…” And then his eyes squeezed shut. He tried to remind himself not to fight it, stay calm, let it happen and run its course. And then he didn’t remember anything until he felt people around him. You can feel the presence of people, even before you can see or hear them. Jason certainly knew that he was surrounded by people and that he was lying on the floor. Then he knew that Robin’s hand was on his back and he felt fine, despite everything else.





When he opened his eyes there was a mass gasp. He looked up and Robin was giving him an encouraging smile.





“Sorry everyone, I hope I didn’t kill the mood.” Several people chuckled.





“I told you the first thing out of his mouth would be something smart-alecky.” Robin said while grinning in relief. He sat up and two men helped him back to his seat. He thought to himself if anything hurt or felt sore. But no, he felt fine. He allowed his eyes to sweep over the people in the room. Some seemed visibly upset; but most seemed curious or to have already put it behind them as they returned to their meal.





He didn’t see Mrs. Mathena anywhere. He leaned in close to Robin. “How bad was it?”





“One of your milder ones. It lasted about two minutes. I helped you to the floor so that you wouldn’t fall.”





“Where is your Mom?”





Robin looked around. “I don’t know.”





Jason was essentially done with eating but he stared at his plate and wondered if they had a ride home. The Pastor came over a moment later.





“Son, I hope you enjoyed your visit.”





“I did, Sir. It was a very good sermon.”





Pastor Sims looked at the younger man closer. “Son, we’re trying to create a diverse church. We always want to grow, but we also want to attract people of different cultures and races. We also want to make this into a church that is comfortable for people with disabilities. Is there anything that we can do to make your visits more comfortable? Because I’d love to see you join our church family.”





“You have a beautiful church. I’m normally in a wheelchair and I do see ramps. You have an elevator to get down here. There are no handles in the restroom which is the only thing that I can think of.”





Pastor Sims listened intently. “They will be added by next week. That’s an easy fix. No pressure though, but we hope you will be here next week to try them out.” Jason and a few people listening laughed. He could tell that they really wanted him to become a member. He wasn’t the only white person but he was the only disabled person present.





After the meal they went back upstairs where Betty was talking to a few of the church sisters. She turned to them happily.





“So Jason, did you enjoy your visit?”





“I certainly did, Ma’ame.”





“I suppose we should be heading out.”





Jason said his goodbyes thinking; that woman would have left my ass to choke…





In the car, Betty glanced in his general direction. “Was it what you had expected?”





“I expected that people would be nice, but I just didn’t expect that everyone would welcome me so openly.” She gave the boy a direct look and almost wrecked the car. He was talking almost as clear as she and Robin. And as a matter of fact he wasn’t moving all around like a kid in need of riddlin. Hmmm. Curious, she’d have to ask Robin about it later. It never occurred to her that she could have just asked Jason himself.





“I can’t believe that you got up there and spoke.” Jason turned in his seat to look at Robin. “I’m proud of you.”





“Thank you.” Her face warmed. “And I meant what I said. I hope you consider making the church your permanent home.” Betty was just getting ready to open her mouth when Jason responded.





“I’ve been thinking about it too. I’d like to do that.”





Betty’s mouth snapped shut. What a dumb thing for Robin to do; inviting this boy to become a member of the church and then when they broke up it would be just that much more difficult. Damn…why didn’t she think of things like this herself? You don’t invite a new boyfriend to join your church until you know for certain that he’s going to be with you forever.





Back at the house, Betty was at her wits end in frustration. Robin was going on and on about Jason coming to church with them and Betty just felt drained. She couldn’t wait for the both of them to drive off and do god-knew what!





“Mama, did you want us to stay around and maybe have coffee an-”





“No. You two go ahead and leave. I have things I need to take care of before the week begins. I spent hours at the hospital yesterday and didn’t get my cases finished.”





“You work too hard, Mama-”





“Well somebody has to. I don’t have your Daddy around here to help with the bills.” Robin knew that was an over exaggeration. Her mother had plenty of money banked or invested; not to mention the unused college fund that was in excess of thirty thousand dollars. Yeah, Mama was not hurting for money.





Jason held out his hand for Mrs. Mathena. “It was nice meeting you, Ma’ame.”





Betty took it, surprised that his grip was firm. Their eyes met and held. Each of them read the silent message transmitted in the others look. Jason read hers as, ‘I know you’re fucking my daughter.’ And Betty read in his, ‘I’ll continue fucking your innocent baby girl until I force her into pregnancy with a deformed fetus.’





Back in Robin’s car Jason sighed in relief. Robin glanced at him.





“Thank you for coming. I know that it probably wasn’t very pleasant enduring my Mother’s looks.”





“You noticed?”





“How could I not?”





“It wasn’t bad, actually I enjoyed it.” He reached over and placed his hand on her knee. “Baby, do you think we can make a quick stop at the store?”





“Sure, babe. What did you want to get?”





“Condoms.” She glanced at him. “We can leave some at your place,” he suggested. “Until, well, you can get on the pill…which incidentally will be, when?”





“Well, I have to wait until after my period ends which is due this coming up week, maybe Tuesday or Wednesday.”





“Okay. And it lasts how long?”





“About a week. Why? Need an alternative form or sexual relief?”





“Maybe.” He spoke thinking just the contrary. But that was a bridge that would need to be crossed at another time. Right now he had memories of Robin’s wild orgasm and wondered if it could be recreated.





They got back to Robin’s apartment and went straight to the bedroom. “Maybe you should leave some clothes here.” Robin spoke as she slipped out of her Sunday dress.





“Nah, I’m cool with being nude.” He slipped quickly out of his clothes and climbed into her bed. It was comfortable; the first time he’d slept in anyone other than his mother’s bed. Robin slipped out of her underwear and lay down next to him.





“It went good today.”





He kissed her, stroking down the line of her hips with his fingertips. “I’m happy I met you.”





She leaned in, pressing her body against his. “I am, too.” Then she kissed him, tongue slipping into his mouth.





“How is your belly?”





“Good.”





“You promise?”





“Promise.”





His tongue flicked her lips. She quickly caught it. It was so long that she could easily suck it and she did. Jason sighed and closed his eyes. They made love and this time no one interrupted when Robin mounted him and rode him carefully. Jason cupped her full ass, gripping her and guiding her hips as she slowly moved up and down his shaft.





He had been surfing for porn since he was a kid; he’d seen millions of breasts, but he’d never seen a pair of breasts that were as beautiful as Robin’s. They weren’t too big, and not too small. When he reached up to test them in his hands they felt heavy and full. Her nipples looked like milk chocolate and the taste was pretty damn close.





His lips covered them and Robin winced. He peeked at her, releasing her instantly, a questioning look on his face.





“Women’s breast get sore right before their periods.” She explained, blushing slightly.





“Ah.” He nodded. Then he just placed gentle kisses over them as they resumed their lovemaking. Everyday got better than the day before. Instead of loud screaming orgams, the two climaxed with soft passionate cries. Afterwards they luxuriated in bed the way that she had wanted to do the other morning.





They talked about everything; Halloween next week and the fact that Robin had never been to a haunted house. They quickly got dressed and found one. Robin did everything that he could want from a girlfriend. She screamed, she laughed, she hid behind him while he was stoic and brave.





God his legs hurt, but he didn’t say anything and knew that he hid it well because Robin just walked alongside of him chatting. It was ten pm when she finally dropped him off at his apartment. They sat in the car kissing for a long time before he went inside on his own, not allowing her to follow, and for once not insisting that she sleep over. Tonight he needed to take some serious pain therapy.



***





Monday came too soon for Robin. For the first time since meeting Jason she felt like calling in sick for work and just flipping over on her belly and pulling the pillow over her head. She had slept very good, coming right home after leaving Jason and hitting the bed. But she was still exhausted.





She got up; dragging herself out of bed and got ready for her day. Yawning, she used her key to let herself in. “Hi babe, I’m here.” Jason wheeled himself into the living room from the back. She gave him a brief kiss and then covered her mouth and yawned.





“I’m going to make coffee, babe. I need it bad.”





“You look tired. What were you doing last night?”





“Out with my other boyfriend. See after I drop you off I lead a second life with Manuel.”





“Don’t even joke like that,” he said. He moved to the computer and put on a beat that he was working on. Robin peeked out of the kitchen.





“Sounds good.”





“Thanks. I’d like to loop some vocals into it. Are you game?”





“Me?!”





“You’ve done it before.”





“Yeah, but…” He waited and she finally shrugged. “Alright. I want to go visit Mrs. Lucille tonight but I’ll do it when I get back.”





“Cool.”





Chapter 19





They went on to school and at lunch Peter slapped a flyer in front of the both of them. Jason picked it up. OMICRON HALLOWEEN PARTY! was written in bold letters. Jason scowled and pushed it away.





“Getting tired of those crowded ass-parties.”





“I know.” Peter spoke. “They are, too. We’re getting ready to move it to the Petersen Hall. Son, we are blowing up! With you and me as DJ’s they are bringing in more money than ever!” Peter leaned in to whisper. “We’re getting double the money for working the Halloween Friday!”





Robin greeted Belinda and Amberly. “Hey, what’s up, you two?”





“How are you feeling?” Amberly asked.





“Better. Thank you two for coming to the hospital.”





“Not a problem.” Amberly replied.





“How’s it going?” Robin directed to Belinda. She was dipping her spoon into a bowl of chili, but had yet to take a bite. Belinda was dressed in jeans and a turtleneck. She had not converted to her old style so her makeup was soft and her pretty auburn hair fell down in waves close to her scalp. She grinned at Robin half-heartedly.





She was feeling guilty about her actions Friday and wanted to make it up to her new friend. She’d already approached Amberly about the three of them doing some female bonding after school. But Amberly already had plans and had sucked Belinda into it and now she was about to suck Robin in to it as well.





“I’m cool. Are you feeling better? You sure look better.”





“I am, a million times better.”





“Hey, what do you do after you drop Jason off in the afternoons?”





She shrugged. “Go home. But I was planning to visit a friend today.”





“Amberly and I are finishing up on the More Love video. We could use your help on it.”





“Mine?”





Belinda and Amberly grinned at each other. “You’re going to like it, Robin.” Amberly responded. Now her curiosity was piqued.





“Okay. So…”





“Just let Link take Jason home and we’ll finish up with the video in the production room.”





Jason was listening to both Peter, as well as Robin and the girls. His brow went up. “Go ahead, Sweetheart, if you want. Link and I need to work on some beats anyways. Is that cool, Link?”





“That’s right on time.” After classes Jason led Robin over to the production room.





“Do you know what this is all about?” She asked.





“Nope.” She gave him a suspicious look. “Alright then. I guess I’ll see you back home.”





“Mmmm…” He pulled her to him and kissed her. “I love when you say that. Home.”





She smiled and cupped his face, kissing him again. “Bye, baby.”





“Don’t tire yourself out, Robin. You’re still looking tired. You had a tough weekend baby.” He probably should have left her at her apartment to sleep after church instead of suggesting they hit the haunted house. He sighed.





“I’m alright, honey. The blood transfusion helped.”





“You took your medicine, right?”





“And my iron pills. Yes I did.”





“Okay.” He released her with one last kiss and she went into the classroom in search of Amberly and Belinda.





Jason met Link in the parking lot and the two went back to his place to practice and Jason showed his best friend the ideas that he had and how he wanted to add Robin’s voice into it.





Link loved the idea. But now that Jason was solidly onboard, it was time for him to reveal the full story.





“Um…so they want us to DJ the entire night.”





Jason removed his studio headphones and looked at his friend. “How long is the entire night?”





“Seven until 2:30.”





“Wow…seriously? That’s not happening.”





“Top!” Link said. “This is our business. We have to treat it like a job. We’re getting paid like seven hundred bucks to DJ. Dude, you don’t just turn that kind of money down!”





“Link, it’s Halloween, I mean…I might want to do something with my girlfriend. I have one now. I’d like to have quality time with her that doesn’t include running to school and squeezing time in during the evening.”





Link scowled. “Girls! Girls are meant to be looked at, enjoyed, not allowed to rule your actions!”





“Link, you are seriously tripping, Robin doesn’t rule my actions. I do what I want to do. It’s me that wants to hang with her instead of DJing.” He placed his headphones back onto his head. He pressed some buttons and a smooth hip hop beat began playing.





Link watched him unhappily but then began an impromptu scratch and then the two continued doing their thing the way no other two DJs could.





***





Robin was intrigued by all of the computer and production equipment. It wasn’t the biggest room and it was crammed full of items. Belinda waved her over to a table where there were several computers set up.





She perched herself onto a stool and looked at a still shot on one of the computer screens. “Hi girlie.” Belinda said with a huge smile on her usually solemn face.





“Hi.” Amberly was smiling equally as large.





“Okay, now you guys got me scared. You’re not planning to prank me or something?”





“No.” Belinda laughed. “Amberly play the video of Friday’s party.” Amberly hit a button and she could hear the sound of tape rewinding. “So when Wheels of Steel was still a group, Amberly would tape the performances. We just used it for our own purposes. They aren’t really for YouTube.”





“Yeah, Jason and I watched a few this weekend.”





“Well this is some of what Amberly taped on Friday.”





Amberly pressed play and the music came through loud and clear. It sounded so awesome! She couldn’t help but to clap her hands together and bounce in her seat. Jason and Peter were concentrating on DJing, both looking hot and sexy. The camera closed in on each of them; Jason looking like a little boy deep in concentration, and Peter looking like he was the center of attention, more showmanship and cockiness. They were a great compliment to each other.





The camera cammed out to the crowd. People were really into it, dancing, and throwing up their fists, but then the camera rested on Robin dancing. She straightened quickly and looked at the two girls in embarrassment.





Oh my god…it was her. She was more grooving to the music than actually dancing. Her hips swayed and her body seemed to mimic the music. She was about to cover her face in embarrassment, but it cut to Belinda who was dancing like she was at a club. The three of them chuckled.





Amberly pressed stop. “We need you to do that again in front a green screen. No one will even know that it’s you because we’re going to digitize it-”





Robin erupted into a fit of laughter. “No.” She finally said.





Amberly and Belinda were smiling slyly. “Yeah.” Amberly said. “I told her you’d say that.”





Amberly stood up and moved in her stilted way to the adjacent wall. She pressed a button and a screen came down.





“What are you doing?” Robin asked.





“Well, if you won’t do it then Amberly offered to.”





“I’ve never danced in a video before.” She said excitedly. “They never let me. So in every video I’m always looking like I’m flying or some such idiocy!” Amberly said.





Belinda stood up and went to a camera that was already set up. “Robin press play on that.” She called out. Robin did as instructed and the music resumed. Suddenly Amberly began to dance. Robin’s jaw dropped and her eyes bugged. She looked away uncomfortably, but like a train wreck, she was drawn back to the sight before her. Amberly was the worse dancer she’d ever seen!





Oh my god! The girl had no rhythm, she was stiff, she lurched around, and she did it all with a smile on her face. Sheesh!





“Ok!” Robin leaped to her feet. “I’ll do it, please make her stop!” Amberly and Belinda both began to laugh.





“Go ahead and stand where Amberly is standing…was standing. Amberly get out of the camera shot.”





“I’m moving, I’m moving!” Amberly went to stand next to Belinda. “Don’t worry, we’re going to digitize it completely just like More Love with all the flying…that’s me incidentally.”





Robin smiled at her. She took a deep breath. What in the hell was she doing? Was she seriously about to dance in front of camera??





Robin closed her eyes and began to move, knowing that she was probably pretty stiff, but she was feeling a little uptight about the whole thing. She concentrated on the sound of the music and the way it made her feel. And then she peeked at the two girls. Well they weren’t laughing at her. She began to relax a little.





“That’s it.” Belinda said. “Keep going.” Robin kept her eyes closed and just began to let herself go. Suddenly the music ended and her eyes popped open. Amberly was fiddling with the music controls. Suddenly Love’s End began to play.





“Now again.” Amberly prompted. Robin closed her eyes and moved the way the music told her to move; sensually, spinning, bringing it down and then back up. When the music ended Belinda wolf whistled and Robin’s eyes popped open and she grinned sheepishly.





“Oh I think we got it.” She said. “Now Amberly and I work our magic on it. You can leave now, girlie. And thank you. It’s going to be perfect.”





Robin rubbed her moist palms together. “That better not appear on YouTube un-digitized; ever.” She said seriously.





“It won’t, it won’t. We’ll give you the original.” Amberly said quickly.





“Okay…I guess I’ll see you all tomorrow.”





“Yep. Thanks Robin. This is so much better than…um, well-”





“Shut up!” Amberly yelled. “I’m not that bad of a dancer, honestly. I was just hamming it up.” She eyed Robin. “What are you wearing for the Halloween party?”





She shrugged. “Do we have to dress up?”





“No, but there is a costume contest.”





“I have a secret look!” Belinda said excitedly.





“Don’t even ask, she won’t tell.”





“No, it’s going to be so good.”





Amberly grinned. “I’m going as Cruella Daville. I even have the wig. I’m going to put on some crazy makeup! I’m definitely going to win this!”





“I’ll see what Jason thinks.” Maybe it would be fun to dress up.





“Last year he went as Sideshow Bob from The Simpsons.” Amberly said.





“But everyone thought he was Ronald McDonald.”





“Yeah, he was pissed.”





“Yeah,” Amberly laughed. “He was like, ‘Ronald McDonald doesn’t have freaking dreds!”





“Jason had dreds?”





“I put fake ones in.” Belinda said. Man, she would have loved to have seen that. These friends had such a history together. She was so happy to be able to share in that. Robin left, promising to see each of them the next day.





Her cell phone rang as soon as she got into the car. It was her mother wanting to know if she had heard the tests results back from the biopsy. Robin had promised that she’d call her as soon as she did. They chatted for a few moments, thankfully not about Jason.





By the time she got to her house, Robin had no energy to go anywhere or to do anything but to crash into her bed.



***





Jason frowned and checked his watch. It was after eight. How long did the girls need Robin? “Bro, let’s take a break. I need to call Robin.”





Link checked the time. “Yeah. What are we going to do about eating?”





“There’s food in there.” He dialed Robin’s cell but got no answer. He left a worried message. “Babe, what are you doing? Give me a call…love you.” He glanced over to see if Peter had heard, but he was preoccupied with digging through the refrigerator for food. He decided to call Belinda.





“Hey, what’s up? You guys still working on the video?”





“Amberly and I are.”





“Well where is Robin?”





“Robin? Well we only needed her for about an hour. She left ages ago.”





Jason frowned. “Okay…”





“She’s not at your place?”





“No. She’s not answering her cell either.”





“Okay…Jason, look, don’t worry. She is just probably sleeping or something.”





Jason took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Thanks, I’ll talk to you later.” He hung up quickly and tried her cell two more times. Fuck, was she asleep?! Was she in a car accident? Maybe someone snatched her and dragged her off…





“Fuck!” He yelled. Peter looked up, a piece of bologna hanging from his mouth.





“What?”





“She’s not answering.”





“Jason…sometimes that happens. Sometimes girls don’t answer their phone. It’s okay, budd-”





“It’s not okay if you just rushed your girlfriend to Emergency just a day ago!” Jason snapped. Peter gobbled up the remainder of the bologna.





“Let’s go.” He said while wheeling past Jason and to the door. “You know where she lives, right?”





“Yeah!” Jason said excitedly. He quickly strapped on the braces and picked up his crutches. Robin had porch stairs so Link would not be able to come inside. He stood and his joints screamed. He made a pained face and Link frowned.





“Top, what’s wrong with your legs?”





“They hurt. Let’s go.”





In the car Peter got them going. He looked over at the younger man as he drove. “Top, what’s up with your legs?”





“My joints.”





“Shit.” Peter knew the seriousness of this. If Jason’s body locked up then the only way to unlock it was through surgery.





“Have you talked to a doctor about it?”





“Yeah I have an appointment with an orthopedic specialist Wednesday.”





He let it go after that, seeing the look on his friend’s face; the only thing Jason was concerned with was Robin. But Peter feared that his hip would disconnect, or his knee. Any of these things would create excrutiating pain for his friend. He just didn’t want to see it happen again. One time was enough. Before the Baclofen it had happened. He’d heard a grown man scream for the first time.





They pulled up in front of Robin’s apartment building. This time Jason didn’t have to wait for the lift to lower him. He hurried out of the van. He had tried calling her several more times but still got no response. Jason limped up the stairs. He almost fell backwards because he was moving too fast. Each time he bore weight on his legs, pain radiated up his body. By the time he got to the elevator sweat was streaming down his face.





He got to the second floor and tried to still the panic. He should have asked Peter to drive around to the parking lot on the side of the building. He didn’t even know if her car was there. She might not even be here. And if she wasn’t then…well he would just have a full blown fit. He hadn’t had one of those in ages and it was probably due. It seemed almost that life was going too well; so of course something would have to happen to mess it up. He found a girl that made his heart beat like crazy—so it only stood to reason that she would die in a fiery crash, or bleed to death of a freaking perforated ulcer!





He reached her door and practically bammed on it. He paused. No sound inside. Now he felt sick. “Robin?!” He bammed on it again.





There was a faint sound of movement and then the door swung open. Robin was standing there as if she’d just awakened from a deep sleep. Her shirt was wrinkled and she had the imprint of folded material on her cheek.





“Jason-?” She began in surprise.





“Robin! I was freaking terrified! Why didn’t you answer your phone?”





“Oh my god…I’m so sorry baby! I…my phone is in my purse. What time is it?”





Jason’s heart was beating a mile a minute. “Late.”





She turned to hurry back into the apartment. “Let me get my things…I’m so sorry baby.”





“No. No no no.” He said adamantly. Robin turned and noted the angry look on his face. “I want you to go back to bed. By the time you get to my house, it will be almost time for you to leave anyways.”





Her shoulders collapsed. “Baby, I’m so sorry. I overslept.”





“I know.” He said in a short, abrupt manner. “You must have needed the sleep. Go back to bed.” He turned to leave.





“Jason!” She hurried after him but he continued to walk. “I’m sorry.” She whispered. He was really angry at her.





He pressed the down button for the elevator. “Robin. If you are rushed to Emergency, wouldn’t you think that it would be a good idea to keep your cell phone in reach?” He gave her an angry look. “I mean…wouldn’t you think that if you should want to take a nap that you would perhaps, set your alarm clock? One of the two?” The elevator doors opened and he entered the small compartment.





She followed him quickly barefooted. “I…wow. That was…mean.”





“I’m not trying to be mean.” He said. “I just think its common sense that you’d keep your cell phone where you can hear it ringing.” The doors opened and he swung his legs forward and moved quickly out of the elevator. Robin followed more slowly.





“What…are you saying? That I don’t have common sense?”





He moved carefully down the stairs. “I’ll see you tomorrow Robin.”





“Oh, no you didn’t!” She said angrily.





He paused to glance at her. His lips were straight angry slashes in his face. “I didn’t say it, you did.”





“You didn’t deny it!”





He shook his head. “I’m not going to argue with you.” He turned back to the van. Peter’s surprised face could be seen watching them.





“Thank you for your understanding, Jason!”





He turned to her again. “It’s after nine o’clock. I don’t know where my girlfriend is. She’s prone to get drunk and leave with strange men, or to bleed to death and just pretend that she’s not. Yeah, Robin, I lack understanding!”





Robin gasped. Peter’s mouth dropped, he looked from one of them to the other, and then he pulled off quickly with Jason staring after him in shock. Peter had just left him! What the fuck?! And Robin was staring at him with squinted, angry eyes. And he knew that he was wrong for what he had just said. He should have never said that. He didn’t mean it. He didn’t mean any of it.





The anger washed away as quickly as it had reared its ugly head.





“Robin…”





“You’re an asshole!” She turned and ran back into the apartment.





He looked after her and thought about that long walk back up to her apartment. “Oh for fucks sake…” Well he deserved it. It took him five minutes to get back to her apartment. The door was understandably locked.





He knocked. “Sweetheart…?”





After a moment the door opened. Her eyes were angry. “If it wasn’t for the fact that your legs are hurting you, I’d leave your ass out there.” She snapped.





How did she know?





“You think I didn’t see the way you were limping?” She opened the door for him to come in and he did.





“Robin, I’m sorry-”





“Just take of your pants.” He looked at her in surprise. “So that I can rub them!” She pointed to the armchair. “Sit there. I’m going to get the baby oil.”





Jason sat heavily in the chair. His legs hurt too bad for him to stand any longer. He unbuttoned his pants and by the time Robin returned with the baby oil and a towel he was pushing them down his legs. She knelt down on the floor and carefully pulled them off completely. Jason looked at her hurt and angry expression.





“I’m sorry, Robin.”





She glanced at him. There was a strange acceptance on her face. “For what?” She picked up the baby oil. “You said the truth, so…nothing to be sorry about.”





He frowned and shook his head. “I was just pissed because I was worried!”





She gently lifted his leg and began to rub the oil onto his skin. She said nothing. He reached down and tried to take her hands. She slipped them out of his grasp and began to rub his thighs firmly, digging her fingers deep into his muscles. He winced.





“Too much?”





“No.” She was doing it right. It just hurt.





“Your knees are red and swollen.” She gave him a worried look. “Do you want some ibruprofen?”





He nodded. She hurried to the kitchen for bottled water and then to the bathroom for the bottle of pills. She opened the bottle and shook out three pills for him. He took them carefully, swigging down the water.





“I’m not mad at you.” She whispered. “You were just scared. It’s alright.”





He stared at her sadly. “I don’t know why I say such stupid things. I think…that I just said the worst thing that I could have ever said to you, didn’t I?”





“I can think of a few things that would be worse.”





“Robin, in calculus, you write down the answer for me; what I tell you to write.”





“Yeah.”





“You start writing down the answer even before I tell you.”





She shrugged. “Because I know what you’re going to tell me to write.”





He stared at her. “Sometimes you write down things that I wasn’t going to tell you to write. You are always right, and I would have been wrong. I’m pretty sure that you could write out the entire solution.”





She shook her head quickly. “I’m just doing what I see you doing-”





“That’s all learning is. There is nothing stupid about you! I swear to god that I didn’t mean to suggest that you weren’t smart. Robin, I think you are so smart.” He said honestly.





She knelt down again and began working on his other leg, still not speaking.





“Robin?”





“I’m not smart. I’m not saying I’m stupid.” She flashed him an angry look. “But it’s harder for me to get things.” Her face turned red. It’s not something you ever wanted to admit to your boyfriend. ‘Honey, I have a learning disability. I can’t understand what the teacher is telling me. I can’t do it the way they teach us, I have to figure out my own way to do things.’





She rubbed his legs for the next forty-five minutes, working silently. He watched her face seeing several different expressions; anxiety, sadness, anger, blankness, fatigue. How had she become so damaged? Had it been people like him that say thoughtless things? He had promised himself and her that he would never raise his voice to her. Now he had to make another promise, that he would stop and think before he spoke to her in anger.





He reached down and placed his hand under her chin. She looked up at him. “I’m sorry.” After a moment she nodded.





“It’s not good enough when I tell you that I only snapped at you because I was afraid. That’s not good enough. I’m so…afraid of losing you, now that I’ve found you. I’m scared to death that you will wake up and realize that you can do so much better than me, or that something terrible will happen to take you away. I am so afraid of that happening. I don’t want to lose you Robin. I don’t. I’m sorry.”





“I’m not going to leave you just because we have a disagreement.”





“Okay.”





“I love you, too.” She leaned forward and kissed him. He sighed, shaky, as if he had been pulled back from a bad fall just in the nick of time. She touched his knees. The anti-inflammatory was just kicking in and the pain was dropping back.





“Jason, if walking is going to do this to your legs-”





“No.” He assured her. “It’s not walking, it’s walking with poor structure. It would be as if you were trying to walk on the side of your feet. Eventually you’re going to hurt them. My legs need to be placed in the correct position.” She watched him.





“You’ve been walking all of this time, doing it for me?”





“Us.”





She sighed. “I don’t want you to be someone else for me, Jason. I want you just the way you are. Everything that you are is what makes me love you.”





He thought about the poem that he had read to Amberly and how he had wanted someone to see him as he really was, accepting even his imperfections.





“Can we go to bed now?” He wasn’t very tired, but he wanted to lay in Robin’s bed with his arms wrapped around her. He just needed to be close to her right now.





“I don’t want you walking again with your legs the way they are.” He slipped easily out of the chair and once on the floor he pulled himself quickly into the bedroom. She had never seen him walking like this unless it was the short distance from his chair into the Jacuzzi, but he was very accomplished at lifting himself. She admired the rippling muscles of his arms. He climbed into bed.





She stood there beside the bed and watched him. “But I’m not sleepy anymore.”





“I was kind of hoping that you’d say that.”





Robin sat down on the bed, fully dressed and removed Jason’s boxers. His amazing penis sprung forward, bobbed and then came to a rest heavily on his thigh. Her eyes scanned hungrily up his ripped biceps. She was rubbing his thighs without realizing it and Jason’s breathing told her that he preferred this type of leg massage better then the deep tissue one that she had just administered. She leaned forward and took hold of his shaft, fingers wrapping around it. He wasn’t as hard as he could get so her fingers were able to close, but she knew that soon they would have no hope of meeting.





Palms still stick with baby oil, she slowly ran them up and down his pole-like shaft. Jason grunted, shivered and then licked his lips in anticipation of Robin’s next move. After working him for a few moments he was very hard and big. She leaned forward and licked the head of his cock. Jason jumped and then grinned when she met his eyes. She did it again and this time he controlled his reaction better. Then it became a test for her to see if she could make him jump. She ran her tongue around the head of his cock, probing the small little hole. Then she licked his shaft with slow, long strokes of her wet tongue. Jason was doing a good job of controlling himself, even if he practically ripped the sheet off the bed as he gripped it. Beyond that, he stayed fairly still as she worked his dick with her tongue.





But then her tongue sought out his testicles. Jason yelped when she lapped his balls. His body arched and he began to shiver.





“Robin!” He gasped. “Seizure!” His head went back and then whipped back and forth. She saw that he was trying to fight it. She released her hold on his dick.





“Jason, let it go. Let it go, baby.” His feet kicked out and then he began humming and grunting. His hands made fists and he thumped the bed. She put her hands on his face, cradling him between her palms. But his teeth were bared and clenched tight. His body began to stretch and reach.





This was a bad one. This is the ones that she hated; where he looked as if he was in pain. His face was purple and his teeth were clenched and his eyes were squeezed shut. She stroked his face.





“I’m here, Jason. Let it go, baby. Come on, Jason. Breathe for me.” Her heart was thumping. One day he might not breathe. One day it might be like in the restaurant when his breath never returned. She rubbed his chest gently and his body suddenly collapsed. She waited for the sharp intake of breath and when it came she collapsed down next to him and hugged him. After a few moments he stirred, stretched and then winced. She looked up quickly.





“Where does it hurt?”





“Hips. What did I do to my hips?” He grinned. “Did I get up and run around the bedroom?”





She gave him a solemn look, not in the mood to laugh. “No. You just kicked.”





“I did?”





She nodded. “A lot.”





“I didn’t kick you did I?”





“No.” She said quickly. “I know to stay out of your way.” He touched her face. What amazed him is that he couldn’t make his own legs kick…yet they were able to. He always found that to be interesting. “Honey, do you want to finish with the blowjob?”





“No.”





“Okay.”





“But we can pull on a condom and I wouldn’t mind riding that thing.” He gave her a happy look.





“You like being on top, don’t you?”





She nodded while reaching past him for a condom. “I like making sure that you don’t kill me with it. If I’m on top I can control it.”





“Ah, and I just thought that you wanted to be a cowgirl.” Robin rolled the condom on him. He was harder than ever, especially since having a seizure.





“I thought I’d wake up to find you riding it.” He said.





“It’s hard to think of doing that when it looks like you’re choking and dying on me.” He supposed he would feel the same. Robin quickly shed her clothes and Jason resisted the urge to play with her breasts. She had mentioned that they got sore and he could tell that they were slightly swollen. Her nipples were darker than ever which made him want them in his mouth more than anything. He wondered why things that you should resist were more enticing.





Instead, he slid his fingers between her legs and stroked her there while they kissed, until she was wet and swelling at his touch. Robin moved to mount him and he had her turn away. She gave him a confused look but mounted him in the reverse cowgirl position.





Robin lowered herself on him, her breath coming out in excited pants. Her body came to life when his dick was near, it was as if she had no control, her pussy grew wet and swelled and when she positioned the head of him at her entrance, her muscles began to rapidly open and close as if inviting him in. When his head would slip into her, Robin’s entire body would react like a match igniting a fuse…





Like now, his dick was inching inside of her. He was long, she had to come up on her knees slightly to keep him from impaling her, and these first few minutes she would always doubt if she could take his entire dick inside of her. He stretched her, pushing her to her limits, and then when she thought there was no more space to stretch she would happily realize that he was inside of her completely.





She felt his hand reach around to stroke her clit. His fingers moved so gently over her. His finger control was limited, but he always made his touch on her clit gentle. Her body began to shake uncontrollably and she sighed out his name.





He gripped her shoulders from behind. “I want you to lay back.”





“What?”





“Lay back against my chest. I got you.”





She allowed Jason’s strong hands to guide her backwards until her back was laying against his chest, his dick still firmly inside of her. They didn’t move for a moment. She wasn’t sure what she was supposed to do. Then suddenly Jason’s hips moved forward and his dick was rubbing in and out of her. His lips were near her ear and he kept murmuring words, telling her how good her pussy was. One of his hands cupped her breast carefully, and through it all he kept pumping his hips, driving in and out of her.





Her body began to jerk too soon. How could she be coming so fast??? And then she cried out in pleasure, a guttural, animal sound. Jason placed one strong hand on her belly, the other still cupped her breast. He held her in place as her body began bucking wildly.





Her head felt light and she lost all ability to think coherently as the fuse that had been lit earlier finally touched. Robin exploded into a million pieces. When the pieces reassembled some few minutes later, she found that her throat was sore from yelling out and her sheets were soaking wet from another female ejaculation.





She bore down, clenching her lower muscles because Jason was still inside of her, still very hard.





“You didn’t cum?” He was rubbing her body, causing her to tremble with aftershocks. He paused.





“No. I got mass skills. I know how to hold back.” He thrust one last time inside of her and her knees came up and she cried out in pleasure.





“Oh Jason, stop! No more…” Her knees began to tremble. He let her roll off of him, it was more like she flopped back onto the bed. She propped herself up on her elbows and looked at him.





“Mass skills?” She tweaked one of his nipples and his body convulsed.





“Okay okay!” He covered his nipples with his hands to protect them from her probing fingers. She giggled. Robin was leaned over him as he lay beneath her, their eyes holding each other. How was it possible that she could have so much love for one person? She could see his love for her reflected in his green eyes as he watched her. Her mouth opened and she just began singing the first song that came out of her mouth; Sade’s Kiss of Life.





Chapter 20





It was well after two am before the exhausted couple finally slept. The next morning there was no time to do anything except use the toilet and then to dash back to Jason’s apartment. While he bathed Robin got coffee made and loaded the car with his book bag and computer. Once he was done, she left him to dress while she quickly showered.





No time to make-out or eat breakfast, just time to hurry to school. Jason spotted Link in the distance right before his first class and he whistled shrilly. Thirty sets of eyes fell on Jason; including Peter’s. Jason raised both fists and flipped him the double fingerbird. Peter blushed and after a short pause Jason chuckled. Peter gave a relieved laugh and wheeled away.





During the first period calculus class, Robin thought about what Jason had said the night before and she studied the calculus problem that was on the board. While Jason worked it out on his computer she began working it out on paper. After a moment she was stumped, but she considered the fact that she had never cracked open a book and that the Professor’s lectures occurred only once a week that she was doing pretty good.





Jason looked at it and smiled. Since he wasn’t very good at whispering, he didn’t attempt to explain it, but she copied the solution just as he instructed. She was pleased to see that what she had written down had been absolutely correct. Maybe she could do this if she made just half an attempt.





Lunch couldn’t come quickly enough for either of them and they hurried out of the business class and towards the cafeteria.





“Are we going to dress up Friday?” She asked. “I’ve never been to a Halloween party before.”





“Yeah, that’s the best part; the dressing up.”





“What should we dress up as?”





“Well…we can go as a theme; a couples theme.”





“That sounds good; like Romeo and Juliet.”





Jason’s face screwed in displeasure. “No…more like Batman and a very sexy Catwoman.”





“Oh.” She didn’t want to wear a catsuit; no way was that happening. “Or Bonnie and Clyde?” He stopped wheeling to give her a long look.





“One of us would be the wrong color for that.” He continued wheeling when she rolled her eyes. “Look, this is a very important decision in our relationship. Let’s think on it…” Jason’s words trailed off because as the two rounded the corner they saw Belinda leaning against the wall near the stairwell, talking to a guy. Her posture and the closeness of the guy indicated that there was more to what was going on than just talking.





Robin’s brow went up in surprise and she and Jason exchanged looks. The guy was very nice looking; a black guy with midnight dark skin, fairly thin yet toned like a dancer. He was tall, towering over her; he had to have been close to seven feet tall. He had a neatly trimmed short haircut that showed only the barest fuzz of hair. Robin had to admit that he was pretty damn sexy. She averted her eyes in disapproval. It wasn’t cool what she was doing. Peter would have no choice but to see her.





Robin and Jason moved into the cafeteria and after they got their meal and sat down, it was plane that Peter had already seen Belinda and her new friend. His normally handsome face was pulled down into a sour scowl.





Amberly caught her eye. She was sitting next to Peter and she seemed to be trying to relay a message about their friend’s mood. Robin nodded slightly to let her know that she had seen. Amberly shook her head imperceptibly and Robin had to agree with the silent communication.





“Hi Peter.” Robin said pleasantly.





“Hi, Sweetheart. You and the ogre made up I see.”





Robin turned to Jason quickly. “Ooo! Beauty and the Beast?!”





He made a face. “Nooooooo.”





“Hater.” She turned back to Peter.





“Are you going to dress up?”





“Yeah.” Peter announced. His expression didn’t appear as evil as it had a few moments before; she was happy that she had done something to take his mind off of Belinda and that guy. “I wanted to go as the boy in the wheelchair from that show GLEE,” he continued, “but my wheelchair ruined the effect. I even had the argyle vest and everything.” Robin laughed, knowing that his mood had definitely improved. His face even brightened suddenly.





“I have an idea, Robin. Maybe we can all go as the cast of Twilight! Amberly can be Alice, you can be Bella, Jason will have to be Edward, I’ll be the Dad…what’s his name? Carlisle! And Belinda can be the hairy fucking werewolf...and she won’t even need a costume!”





Robin looked down uncomfortably.





“Fuck you, blondie,” came a voice from behind her. Oh so he had seen her coming and had said it for her benefit. Belinda sat down across from him, next to Robin. She was wearing a tight stretch shirt with buttons that only halfway closed. Beneath the form fitting shirt was a thin nylon t-shirt that accentuated her already large breasts. Her jeans were tight against her ass and thighs and then flared out at the knees, making her seem very curvaceous. The outfit was a great compliment to her.





Peter lifted his brow. “Fuck me? That’s funny.”





Amberly turned to Peter, she was fiddling with an MP3 player and blushing furiously. “I’m going as Cruella Daville. Maybe we can go as a team. Like the evil Disney-”





“What do you mean; ‘that’s funny?’” Belinda’s voice cut in through Amberly’s attempts to defuse the situation.





Jason rubbed the stubble on his face and he and Robin exchanged glances. What to do? Neither knew.





Peter stared at her with a sadistic glint in his eye. “Funny choice of words, is all.”





“Hmph.” Belinda said while popping a grape into her mouth. Her lunch consisted of a fruit bowl and bottled water.





“So what are you dressing as?” Peter asked, and Jason wished that he would let it go. This could not lead to anything but disaster…





“It’s a secret.” Belinda said, voice emotionless.





“Hey, Dude,” Jason said to Peter, hoping to stop the impending tragedy. “Maybe we can get a few hours of rehearsal in after school?”





“Too bad you already wore that corset.” Peter continued, eyes never moving from Belinda’s. “It would have been a great costume if you want to dress up like a medieval slut.”





Belinda snorted. “And if you haven’t thought of a costume yet, maybe you can go as a guy whose junk actually works.”





There were some oohs and ahhs from the table of acquaintances, but not from the people that considered themselves real friends.





Peter had a chilly look on his face. The two stared each other down. Peter’s eyes moved to the pretty blond girl that had been watching quietly from her seat next to him.





“Does my junk work okay to you?”





The girl batted her eyes happily at being addressed by him. “It did last night AND this morning.” She said while watching Belinda coolly. Belinda’s eyes met the girl’s and held until the smaller girl turned to look at Link.





“Does this mean that I can stop pretending that we aren’t together so that your friend’s feelings won’t be hurt?”





Peter leaned in to kiss her. “That’s exactly what it means.”





“Nice...” Belinda muttered sarcastically. She plopped a strawberry portion into her mouth and chewed slowly.





Peter gave her a distasteful look. “What do you care? You got your little boytoy. That was so obvious, flirting with him right in front of the cafeteria. I thought you had better class then that.”





Belinda chewed on another strawberry. Her eyes were still emotionless, her expression neutral. “Damon? He’s working on my costume for the party. He’s the best costume designer in the drama department. I don’t even freaking know him, just that he makes damn good money making costumes at Halloween, so yeah…my boytoy.” Everything got quiet. No one at the table spoke, not even the casual acquaintances or fly-by-night friends.





Peter watched Belinda as she placed a small wedge of watermelon into her mouth and chewed it thoughtfully. The pretty girl next to him was now leaned up against him, twirling her hands into his hair. After a few moments the others ignored them since Belinda didn’t seem interested in fighting. Robin felt sick to her stomach.





After lunch ended, Peter and the girl quickly left. Belinda had ignored them completely throughout the remainder of lunch as she talked to Amberly, Jason and Robin and other people at the table. The tension had been thick enough to cut. And as soon as Peter and the girl left Belinda’s body seemed to cave in. She looked at Amberly.





“Get me out of here.”





Amberly stood up wordlessly and the two left. Robin gave Jason a sad look.





“Damn.” He said.





When school was over, Robin announced that she was going to call Belinda. “I’m worried about her.”





“Sweetheart…I’m not sure if we should get involved.”





She turned and gave Jason a stern look. “You saw the look on her face when Peter left with that girl. Ugh, I don’t like that slut.”





Jason chuckled. “Why is she a slut?”





“Because she was pawing all over him and trying to call out Belinda!”





Jason smiled and shrugged. Robin walked outside. This was girl-talk time. She sat on the partition wall that separated Jason’s back patio from his neighbor’s.





“Hello?” Belinda answered.





“Hey, it’s Robin.”





“What’s wrong?” She smiled. This girl was concerned about her after what had just happened?





“I’m good. I’m checking on you.”





“Aww that’s sweet, but I’m okay.” She didn’t sound good. Her voice was low and it was as if she couldn’t manage any energy.





Robin was quiet for a moment. “Do you want to talk about it?”





Belinda voice came out as a sigh through the phone. “What good would that do?”





“Well…I’m not sure, except maybe getting it off your chest with someone that totally has your back might help. I think it was shitty what Peter did. I just want you to know that.”





There was another pause. “I guess it’s over, for real, huh? Robin, did I have the stupidest look on my face ever? Honestly. How did I look?”





“You didn’t look stupid, Peter did. He was just staring like…’oh shit.’ Is Amberly with you?”





“Amberly? No, I told her that I wanted to be alone. Truth is, Amberly doesn’t understand. She’s never been in love…I mean…” Robin’s brow wrinkled in discomfort. “You know what I mean. Her intentions are good but nobody’s…been inside of her body. Nobody’s made her feel heaven. So she thinks she knows but she can’t know what it is to share something with someone...and that sharing changes your life-but not theirs.”





Robin thought about what it would be like if Jason had done something like that to her. And just the idea of it was devastating.





“What are you going to do?”





“Oh, I’m going to pretend. Hell what else can I do? I’m going to be the best fucking actress in Hollywood, honey. He won’t know a thing about how I truly feel. But honestly, Robin; I just wish that I’d never slept with him. I should have never crossed that line with someone like him.”





Robin wanted to tell her that she thought Peter had feelings for her. She had seen the way that he had looked at her when he thought that she was fooling around, and then again when he discovered that he was the only one fooling around. He looked devastated…and not for himself, he looked devastated for what he had done to her. But she didn’t know if this was something she should say…





“Do you want me to come over? Jason is working on his homework-”





“No. I’m good. I do want to be alone right now. But thank you. Besides, you and Top need alone time together without school and bullshit. I’m going to make sure that you two at least have a good relationship, or someone’s neck is going to get broken!”





Robin smiled sadly. She went back into the apartment and opened the freezer for something to start for dinner.





Jason wheeled into the kitchen a moment later.





“Hey babe…”





She turned to look at him. She was making a pot of chili and had just dumped a can of crushed tomatoes into a pot.





“Do you care if Link comes over to rehearse? I know that he’s not high on your favorite persons list right now-”





“Jason, I like Link. He’s my friend, too. I just…I just know that Belinda is hurting right now.”





“How is she doing?”





“Alright, I guess. She wasn’t crying or anything.”





“Good. I’ve never seen Belinda cry.” And he didn’t want to start now. “What’s for dinner? Smells good.”





“Chili. It’ll be ready in about an hour. How are your legs today?”





He shrugged. “Good, as long as I’m not walking on them.” Which was only a half truth. His knees still ached and his hips throbbed. “Take your medicine?” She nodded and he placed his hands around her waist and pulled her to him, hugging her from the side. She leaned down and kissed him lightly.





Peter showed up just before dinner. He was alone. Robin was happy that he wasn’t tasteless enough to bring that girl from lunch.





“Hey, Sweetheart. What’s up?” He said in a rhetorical way as he moved to the studio. “Hey, Top. Ready to do this, man?”





“Hey Peter.” Robin said. “We were getting ready to eat dinner. Want to join us?”





“Sure. I didn’t have dinner.” The three of them moved to the kitchen while Robin took up bowls of steaming hot chili for each of them, Jason got bottled water from the refrigerator.



After a moment of silence Peter finally spoke. “There is a big white elephant sitting in the middle of the room. So if either of you have anything to say about it, just do it and let’s get it over with.”





Robin opened her mouth but Jason spoke first. “Nope, nothing.”





Robin gave Peter a sad look. “Peter, do you want to talk about it?”





After a moment he just shook his head and then picked up his spoon and blew on the chili before putting it into his mouth. They talked about costumes and the party Friday and he seemed in better spirits after.





After dinner was eaten the guys headed for the studio and Robin finished the dishes. She heard Jason speaking. “Robin is going to do the lyrics.”





“Cool, can’t wait to hear her sing.”





Robin dropped a bowl into the sink. Shit. Her heart was already beating a mile a minute. It’s just Peter. She liked Peter. It would be okay…She lingered in the kitchen for a long time and when there was absolutely nothing else for her to do in the room she came out and sat down unobtrusively on the couch.





Jason was playing the music and Peter was watching. Jason glanced at her. “Hey Sweetheart, you ready to work with some lyrics?”





She shrugged shyly. “I guess.”





Jason took off his headphones and wheeled to her. He reached for her hand and held it. “You don’t have to if you don’t want.”





She nodded. “I know. I want to…sorta.” She glanced at Peter who gave her a sudden look of understanding.





“Oh…” He said. He wheeled into position behind the studio and began to tap out something on the computer keyboard and then onto the controls. Soon she heard the thumping of a drum beat, and then the warm strands of guitar and then there was an entire song being played and it sounded familiar...





Suddenly Peter began to sing. It was a song by Bruno Mars called Just the Way You Are. Robin gave Jason a surprised look. He grinned at her. Why hadn’t he ever told her that Peter could sing like this?! She leaned forward and listened to his beautiful voice intently. When the song ended, Peter turned to her and gave her a broad smile.





She gave him a standing ovation, applauding enthusiastically. “Peter! That was so good!”





He pretended to take a bow. “Thank you, thank you, thank you.” Jason cupped his hands in front of his mouth and made the sound of a cheering crowd.





Link wheeled back to his original position. “See, Sweetheart. You don’t have any reason to be shy around me. We just do…what we do. Right, Top?”





“That’s right.” He wheeled back to his position and pulled up a music playlist. “Robin, I want you to sing Alice by Avril Lavigne.” He played the song and she closed her eyes and listened to it, getting a feel for the music and the way it was sang. After it was over she looked at him with a smile.





“Why don’t you just use Avril Lavigne’s voice?” After all he sampled people’s music. What was the difference in sampling voices?





“Because I’m going to recreate the song…but my way. It’s going to have a dub beat and there’s no way that I can get a pure copy of her singing this so…it’s a good thing that I have a girlfriend that’s a voice mimic.





Robin chuckled. “Okay. But I got to practice so don’t record me yet. Play it again Sam…and pull up the lyrics.” She sang along with the song, getting into the music because she was just basically practicing. When she was done, Peter hooted.





“Damn! Are you kidding me?! What in the hell were you doing hiding that voice, Robin?”





She blushed. “I don’t know…”





Jason handed her the studio headphones. “You can sing along with the song. We won’t hear the music, just you. Okay?” She nodded and closed her eyes as she put on the headphones. The song began and she felt the beat of the music coursing through her and then she began to sing; belting it out real good the way she would see the people in the church choir doing. When the song ended she removed her headphones. Jason and Peter were quiet and Peter held up his finger for her to not make a sound. He pressed a button and then grinned at her.





“That was…flawless.” He suddenly frowned. “Perfect.”





“What?” She touched her collar, wondering about the reason behind that frown.





“Nothing, but you and I should sing something together.”





“Really?”





“Yeah, it would be cool. A cover, but our own twist to it.” Peter began typing on the keyboard. “Come here Sweetheart.” She walked over to the computer and looked at the screen. “Here are the lyrics to Use Somebody by Kings of Leon. You know this song, right?”





She nodded; part of her didn’t want to do what he was asking, the other part of her was excited and wanted to see what it would be like to join her voice with his.





“Okay, I’ll start and then you join in. Change it, sing it the way you want, add some soul, whatever, okay? You don’t have to sound like Hayley Williams. Just do your own thing.” She bit her lip and felt herself grinning like a freak but she nodded her okay.





Peter began singing. She was amazed that behind this cocky, jokester was a voice like his. Why didn’t he sing more? He mixed music but why didn’t he showcase his beautiful voice? Robin joined him at the chorus. She couldn’t look at him while she sang, she had to close her eyes. Soon she realized that he had allowed her to take the lead and she was turning the song into a soulful ballad. She could barely believe that she was finding a new way to sing this beautiful song and it sounded good!





When it ended the room was so quiet that you could have heard a pin drop. Jason and Peter were staring at each other. Jason finally grinned.





“I got every word.”





“Thank god.” Peter exclaimed in relief. “There is no way that we could have improved on that!” He gave Robin a wink while Jason slipped his hands around her waist and pulled her down into his lap. He gave her three rapid kisses.





“Baby,” he said. “Let me play that at the Halloween party; no music, acoustic, just like you two sang it?”





As long as she didn’t have to get up and sing in front of the crowd and as long as no one was looking at her, she didn’t care what they did with it. But she did have to make this work for her.





“You can use it on one condition.”





“Name it.” Jason said.





“I get to choose the costumes.”





Jason actually hesitated and then he grinned. “Yeah, this is your first costume party and so I want you to choose the costumes,” he lied.





“Alice in Wonderland; Tim Burton’s Alice in Wonderland.”





“I suppose I have to be the Mad Hatter?”





“Of course.”





“Good thing I have the hair for it. And you will be Alice, I suppose?”





“No…I was thinking more on the lines of the Queen of Hearts.”





“Ahh. I like that.”





Peter was scratching his chin. “Tim Burton theme…That’s kinda cool. I think I’ll do something from one of his movies, depending on what I can find.”





Peter left soon after and Robin made Jason take off his pants so that she could rub his legs. His knees were still swollen and if she tried to touch them he grimaced and bit back a cry. He tried to make it seem like it was no big deal but she knew better.





“Are you going to tell your mother about the appointment tomorrow?”





“No.”





“She’s going to be pissed, won’t she?”





“I don’t care.” And then to soften his words he stroked her cheek. She was kneeling on the floor in front of his wheelchair administering the massage. She didn’t mind the sharpness of his words. She knew that there was a weird love-hate thing between them…though hate might not be an accurate description.





“Jason.”





“Hmm?”





“Your father, why didn’t you mention that he owned a sporting goods business?”





“Why would I? He’s not important.”





She didn’t know how to continue the discussion as he had dismissed it so completely. She rubbed his muscles deeply.





“This Thursday will be the two year anniversary of my father’s death.”





He stared at her emotionless face. Wow, she had said it so matter-of-factly. “Are you okay with that day approaching?”





She nodded. She didn’t celebrate her father’s death. That day will come and go with no fanfare. But she wanted to tell him that she missed her father so much. She wanted to tell him that she would give anything to have him here for just a few minutes, so that she could tell her Dad about him and being in love. She couldn’t imagine not having a relationship with one of her parents, even as hurtful as her mother could be, she loved her. She loved her mother with an almost desperateness, as if the knowledge that her mother would one day not be around made everything horrible between them acceptable, and that maybe she had to have love enough to carry her forward when the day came that she would bury her last parent.





Robin sighed.





“Are you okay?” He pulled her up and hugged her. “I’m sorry that I never got to meet your father. Do you want to talk about him?”





“One day.” She smiled. Right now, all she wanted was to be in Jason’s arms.





They didn’t finish the massage but went to bed. That night, the couple pressed their nude bodies together as they kissed and stroked each other. Their lovemaking was gentle and slow, and when Jason fell into a seizure, they wordlessly continued their lovemaking afterwards, and then slept in the lover’s spoon position as if they had always slept in this way.





The next day at lunch, Robin was very anxious about Belinda but she didn’t show up. Robin leaned over to whisper to Amberly.





“Did Belinda come to school today?”





“Yeah. She’s here. She said she’s going to be working on her costume for the rest of the week; finishing touches before the party.”





Peter was pretending not to listen. His little plaything from yesterday was noticeably absent. Robin was curious about that, but was not about to ask.





Jason’s appointment to the orthopedic specialist was after school and they headed there anxiously. Robin was afraid that they would say he needed surgery. She felt guilty that it was her suggestion that caused him to be walking in the first place. Had she known this was a possibility then she would have never asked him to do it.





The doctor he saw was the same one that Jason had seen since he was a little boy. They talked for a long time and he asked about Jason’s mother. He then had Jason lay down while he examined his legs, took x-rays and made him stand up without any braces. The Specialist did not look pleased.





“You are definitely going to need a full hip, leg and ankle orthosis.” He explained that the orthosis; or braces would be three separate units. Jason just stared at him grimly.





“Jason, I know that you don’t like wearing them. But your legs are too weak. If you keep walking without them then your joints are going to be permanently deformed. Are you still working with Raymond?”





“Yes.”





“I’ll send him a course of rehab for you. Let me clarify, if your joints don’t straighten on their own you’re going into a cast….and if that fails; surgery.”





Jason nodded while Robin listened quietly. “I’m thinking about getting back on the Baclofen pump.”





The older doctor raised his bushy white brows. “Well, you know how I feel about it. I think the drug gives great promise to people with your type of neurological and musculature problems. You were great with it when you were on it last. As I remember, you mother became nervous about you on it and requested that the pump be removed.”





“Yes. But I’m not going to allow her to make this decision for me. My legs hurt, I want to walk. The healthiest way for me to achieve that without a damn full body brace is with Baclofen.” Robin watched him hopefully. He seemed so unhappy about wearing braces and if that drug would help him to walk and be pain free then she wanted him on it. Period.





The doctor nodded. “I’ll start the process and you know that the insurance sees this as elective. They won’t pay for any of it.”





“I know.” He’d have to tell her about his desire to have the pump and it was the one subject between them that was so volatile that it had the potential to kill their relationship. Jason still had unresolved emotion about her taking away his legs. He could have been walking the way Amberly walked if not for…Jason scratched his head and sighed.





“I’m going to make this happen-with or without her.”





As they left the office Robin’s phone rang. Jason gave her an anxious look. He didn’t want to worry her about the results of her biopsy, but he didn’t understand why it was taking so long for them to come back. He waited nervously for her to answer.





“Hello? Oh hi Mom. Yes, I’m doing good. No Mom, still haven’t heard from the doctor’s office. Maybe if I don’t hear anything from them by tomorrow I’ll do that. No, no, Mom! I don’t want you calling there getting my results. Yeah, I’ll do that myself.”





Jason hid a scowl. He hoped that she wouldn’t scare her. She hadn’t complained about her stomach hurting in days and she had enough to worry about.





After Robin hung up, she gave Jason an apologetic smile. They went to Capels costume shop for their Halloween outfits. They had bootleg looking Alice and Wonderland costumes which the couple immediately rejected. But they did have great theatrical makeup and the right wig for her. She would mousse out Jason’s wild red hair for the right look. So they purchased those and went to a theatrical supply shop that Jason knew of. They hit the jackpot there with the right outfits for the both of them. They went to some thrift stores to find just the right accessories. Robin could not wait until she could put the make-up on Jason. She was becoming more excited about the party.





That night, Robin stayed over again without Jason having to ask. As they got undressed he frowned.





“Babe, when did you say that you were going to get your period?”





“Well, this week.”





“Okay.” He climbed into bed first and then held his arms out to her. Robin snuggled up to him and tried to ignore the nagging thoughts filling her brain. Her period was officially late. She was expecting the results back on whether or not she had cancer. The anniversary of her father’s death was tomorrow. And her mother hated the man she loved. There was a lot going on right now, so maybe it wasn’t odd that she’d be late. She finally fell into a restless sleep after 2 am.





Chapter 21





Thursday was a bright and shining day but it could have been filled with storm clouds for how Robin felt that morning. She was tired, she’d dreamed about Daddy though she couldn’t remember quite what the dream had been about. It hadn’t been a dream about memories of a life that he had lived but a dream about resurrection and a restless death and it left her feeling sad.





Jason’s morning seizure was bad. He choked on his cereal and knocked over the half filled bowl and had to change out of his clothes while she sopped up the soaking mess. She ended up going to the bathroom twice before they had even left for school. Each time she checked for any sign of her period. Nothing. Then during class she had an urgent need to go again. Her IBS churned her intestines loudly and even Jason looked at her when a loud gas bubble erupted inside of her.





“I have to go to the restroom.” She whispered to him and he nodded. She hated disrupting the class to get up and leave. The professor paused in his lecture to look at her and she felt all eyes on her as she quickly walked across the crowded room to the door. She wasn’t sure how she would ever be able to rejoin the class when she was done in the bathroom.





After her visit to the restroom, Robin still didn’t feel better and she took one of the painkillers that had been prescribed when she had gone to Emergency. As she tried to quietly re-enter the room she felt her cell phone ringing. Thankfully it had been set on vibrate or she would have been very embarrassed. Back at her seat next to Jason she checked the number. It was the hospital. Then her stomach began to churn and she needed the toilet again, but there was no way she was getting up and making another trek across the room. She knew she could wait until class ended.





When the class was finally over Jason gave her a concerned look. She had sweat on her face and appeared shaky. “Are you okay?”





“The hospital called.” She said as she quickly got his items packed up so that they could leave. Jason stilled her frantically moving hands.



“Call the hospital first.”





She nodded and listened to the voice mail message. It was just a pre-recorded message.





<<Hello, this message is for Robin Mathena. This is Dr. Sarma’s office calling with your test results. Please call 513-555-1980 to set up an appointment to discuss your results. Thank you.>> Her face fell. She had to make an appointment? They couldn’t just say, ‘Congratulations, you don’t have cancer?’





Jason’s heart rose to his throat at the look on her face. “Robin?”





“I gotta make an appointment to get the results.” She absently returned the phone to her purse and quickly finished packing Jason’s items.





“Okay.” He said slowly. “Hopefully we can get an appointment today.”





She nodded. Before the next class, she made a quick visit to the restroom and then got Jason set up before heading out to the hallway in order to set an appointment for her consultation.





“Hello, this is Robin Mathena and I received a message that my test results had come back in. Can you tell me…what the results are?”





The nurse placed her on hold to check something on the computer. “We don’t actually have the results, only the doctor would have that information. Would you like to make an appointment for today?”





She sighed in frustration. “Yes.”





“Can you be here in an hour?” She rolled her eyes.





“No. I can be there any time after four.”





“We have a 4:15 available?”





“Yes.” That would give her plenty of time to get from school to the hospital. Man was she getting sick of that damned hospital.





“Okay, we have it in the computer. See you then.” She speculated on whether she should call Mama…She really wanted her Mom right now. She called her quickly.





“Mom?”





“Hi, honey. I was thinking about you. Hold on a sec, I have someone in my office.” Her mother put her on hold and Robin looked into the window of the class. Shit. The professor had already begun. She sighed and waited and then Mama returned sounding out of breath.





“Sorry about that. Did you hear from the Hospital yet?”





“Yes, but they wouldn’t give me the results over the phone.” She felt fearful tears prickling her eyes and she wiped them away quickly.





“Okay. Damn…they do that and I don’t know why they feel the need to stress people out. So you had to make an appointment?”





“Yes, today at 4:15. Can you come Mom?”





“Yes, of course I’ll be there. Where exactly?”





Robin explained where to meet her in the main part of the Hospital. “Robin, it will be okay. I love you, okay?”





“I love you to Mom.” She said, feeling better. She felt like she could just put it in Mama’s hands and allow her to take care of all the things that she couldn’t deal with…but the reality of it is that this was something that only she could handle. She’d allowed herself to have an uncontrolled ulcer and now she was afraid of the worst. She used the bathroom once again.





Jason kept staring at the door, waiting for Robin to return. She finally did, looking ashen. What was she doing here trying to take care of him when she was obviously sick? They should just leave. He leaned in to whisper but she shook her head and told him not to. He had little finesse in the art of whispering. She gestured for him to type it.





Though he had little control of his fingers, he was a whiz at the two finger peck motion. He typed;





<<I want to take you home. We’re leaving after this class.>>





She shook her head and slid the laptop to her and typed out her response.





<<No, because I made an appointment for 4:15 and it is more convenient to just leave after classes. All we have is this one, lunch and then the last one. I’m okay. But I talked to my Mom and she will be there too.>>





He couldn’t stop his long draw of breath at that last bit of information, but he nodded his response. As the day moved on he got a text message before class ended. He showed it to her. It said, ‘The girls finished your video. Meet us in the production room at lunch.’





Robin figured it must be from Peter. Her stomach felt too iffy for food anyways, she just needed a drink; her mouth felt like a desert. So for lunch they got fountain drinks and a bag of chips for Jason. As they moved toward the Production Room, Jason watched her, noting that she was quiet and introspective today. Two years ago her father had died and he knew that could be weighing heavy on her mind. He wished that there was something that he could do to make it better. He would think on that.





Peter, Belinda and Amberly were already in the production room when they arrived. They were discussing screens of some type. Robin only partially listened, her focus was on Belinda and if she seemed unhappy about being in Peter’s presence. If she was, it wasn’t evident. She leaned against the table describing a screen and wearing a denim skirt. Wow, she had long legs and they were thick and shapely. She had artfully layered three shirts, each visible and offered a different color, the last one almost as long as the mid length skirt. She wore clogs with a clunky heel and Robin knew that the already tall girl would be well over six feet tall. The effect made her seem to own the room.





Peter was listening intently to everything she said, and when Amberly would interject, he’d nod but his eyes stayed on Belinda’s. Robin felt herself smiling. That boy was so sprung. He needed to just admit it! Her mood uplifted a bit.





They turned to the two new arrivals and greeted them happily. Amberly, especially, was all smiles. “You two are going to love this!” They joined their friends at the computer.





“Have you seen this yet?” Jason asked Peter.





“Nah, I just got here.”





Robin glanced at Jason as she took a drink of soda and almost sputtered it everywhere. Jason had potato chips all over him. He even had crumbs on his eyebrows. How the hell had he managed that? Robin thought as she reached down and quickly brushed off the crumbs. Of course it had happened when he had upended the empty bag of chips into his mouth to catch the last bits. Jason located a lone chip resting on his chest and ate it absently while Robin brushed off his shirt.





The other’s watched their interaction; the two of them so used to doing this that they didn’t even realize it.





“Anyways,” Belinda spoke when she was able to pull her eyes away from them. “Amberly’s been working really hard on this. It’s her baby.” She quickly pecked out something onto the computer before straightening and looking at each of them with a pleased look in her eyes. “Okay, ready?”





Robin nodded enthusiastically although she was very anxious that this was her dancing and that they would be watching and she hoped that she didn’t look totally ridiculous…





The music of Love’s End filled the room. There were a few other student’s present and they stopped what they were doing to listen. The screen was black and then stars appeared and formed into the wispy image of a person that appeared to be grooving to the sound of music; head bobbing slightly and hands snapping. The image was created from the shape of stars and the changing color of lights. It reminded Robin of Windows Media Player and the hypnotic images of lights that matched the beat of the music.





She grinned and looked at Jason who was watching very seriously. As the beat continued to get funky and soulful the image began to dance, movements flowing, body turning and shimmying as stars and light stood in her wake.





She couldn’t believe it. The movements matched the music perfectly. The song ended much too soon and there was applause from all of the people in the room.





“Amberly!” Robin said while covering her smile with her fingertips. “I can’t believe you did that!”





“Did you like it?”





“I loved it!” She turned to her silent boyfriend. “Jason?”





“I…” He was shaking his head. “That’s the best piece of work that you’ve ever done. It’s perfect for the song. I want to post it to YouTube tonight.”





Amberly beamed and bounced on her tiny feet. “Listen to our idea. We think you should play it tomorrow at the Halloween party. We can move a screen behind the stage and like…have a world premier or something!”





Belinda was nodding. “We can put all of the YouTube vids up. We can even keep the screen running and create a visualization show; you know, like on Windows Media Player. And we can program it to change the type of visualization based on what type of music you’re going to be playing.”





Peter looked at them in awe. “You know how to do that?”





Amberly and Belinda both shrugged and nodded. Of course they knew how to do it; it’s what they studied in college. Amberly moved to the computer.





“There is even a morphing technique where we can have an image up and it will just morph. Which means we can put up pictures of you two and it will be like looking at you after a shot of Ecstasy…which incidentally I have no idea what it’s like.”





Jason and Peter just looked at each other in amazement. “Yeah.” Peter said. “Yeah we should definitely do it. We’ll just cut you in four ways.” Jason was surprised to hear that coming from his mouth, but he would have said it if Peter hadn’t. Though considering that this had been Peter’s reason for wanting Wheels of Steel to end, it didn’t make much sense to him to willingly offer to share the take.





Belinda glanced at him before turning back to the computer. “I’m just helping a friend; not for the money.”





“Yeah.” Amberly agreed. “It’s no biggie.”





Peter looked a little crestfallen. “Well we got to give you something. Also there is the problem with the CD’s.”





“What problem?” Jason asked.





“Who’s going to sale them at the party? I mean this is our big night. We can make thousands. We can’t lose that opportunity. I got close to a thousand made-”





“Jeez, Link! We’re going to be busy on stage.”





Amberly was already shaking her head. “I’m going to be working the computer for the light show, and I need Belinda.”





Robin shrugged. “I can do it, I guess. I don’t mind.”





Jason looked at her. “Robin, are you sure? Because if you’re selling music you aren’t going to be able to enjoy the party.”





“My boyfriend and friends are all doing something. I want something to do, too.”





He smiled. “Alright babe. But we’re paying you for-”





“No, just let me do this for you. I’m going to feel pretty stupid dressed like the Queen of Hearts with no Mad Hatter next to me and just standing there looking crazy.” Jason gave her a quick hug. They continued talking about the logistics of getting everything set up and if they didn’t get started tonight then it wouldn’t get done. Friday they would only have time enough to put together the equipment after getting dressed. Tomorrow would be chaos.





Robin both dreaded and looked forward to the end of classes. They drove to the hospital mostly in silence. She knew that her anxiety had begun to rub off on Jason. His face was pale beneath his numerous freckles and his muscles were jerkier than normal. She knew that he would be due for another seizure soon and hoped that it wouldn’t be bad because of their mutual anxiety.





Mama was already waiting for her in the small waiting area. Robin could tell that she was having a bad day as well. Her normally youthful face was lined, shadows stood out beneath her eyes. When she saw Robin she immediately stood and hugged her in greeting. She looked at Jason, greeting him as well, but Robin didn’t know if Mama had even seen him. She let the receptionist know that she had arrived and then she sat down with Mama on one side of her and Jason on the other side of her.





Betty knew that this was a sign. Today was the anniversary of her husband’s death and she had to sit in a waiting room of a hospital, waiting for results of her only child’s cancer test. On this day of all days; which is the reason that she knew the tests would come back positive. Because this would be her punishment for all of the wrong that she had done.





Her eyes moved to the boy that was nervously holding her daughter’s hand. His head turned this way and that and his arms and hands kept moving even when she could clearly see that he was trying to sit still.





Betty could read a message in his movements and they said that he was afraid, he was afraid for her daughter just in the same way that she was afraid. Betty closed her eyes and prayed that she would have more time with her daughter, she prayed that she would have more time to prove that college and the boy you dated was of little consequence in the great scheme of things. There should be dinners, and phone calls, and trips to the Bahamas, and Florida, and maybe even one day Grand babies…and there should be no dark cloud of residual anger hanging over their heads.





Betty Mathena prayed that god would give her more time with her child.





The receptionist finally called Robin’s name and she marched into the room, the others falling behind her as she uncharacteristically took the lead. Robin felt her stomach twisting and knotting and wished that she had gone to the restroom one last time before sitting down in one of the small plastic chairs. She knew that her face was shiny with sweat, her heart was already slamming in her chest.





Dr. Sarma’s expression did not seem like he would be the bearer off good news. Robin watched his mouth move, concentrating on the words but all she could hear was ‘blah blah blah abnormal cells. Blah blah cancerous…blah blah removed.’ And then Momma was squeezing one hand and Jason was squeezing the other. Sweat was rolling down her body.





“Robin?” Jason was leaning forward and Robin dragged her eyes to his green ones. “Did you hear what the doctor said? They are benign, not malignant. They are just going to remove them.” Robin blinked.





Dr. Sarma was suddenly shining a light into her eyes. “Robin?”





She nodded her head quickly. “I’m okay.”





“Robin.” He said slowly. “I’m going to write you an anti-anxiety medicine. I think that will help you, okay?”





Jason suddenly pulled Robin into his arms and hugged her. “I was scared.” He said into her neck. “I was so scared, Robin.”





“I know. It’s okay.” Betty just stroked her daughter’s hair as she watched them. He cared for her daughter, that was plain to see. He did really care.





Dr. Sarma was typing into a computer. “Robin the abnormal cells are not malignant today.” He then turned to her solemnly. “But it could develop into that. You have inflammatory bowel disease, that’s pretty obvious. Do you know what Crohns disease is?”





Robin shook her head very quickly, fear like little pinpricks moved along her nerve endings.





“Well, we believe it’s an auto-immune disorder. That means that your own immune system attacks your intestines; hence your irritable bowel.” He explained that Crohns disease is the thickening of the intestines which causes severe pain and can be the cause of her ulcers and obviously the irritable bowel. Because of the nature of the disease, it could also lead to cancerous cell growth.





“What concerns me is that you described your pain level from a threshold of one to ten at just a five, maybe six. People with Crohns generally will describe it at ten or above.”





Robin looked at her mother quickly. “Mom, remember that time we went to-”





“Yes! That Chinese restaurant and you got sick!”





Robin turned back to the doctor. “About a year ago, my mom and I went to a restaurant and I got suddenly sick while I was still in the middle of my meal.” Though she didn’t admit it to her mother, it felt as if she was trying to digest broken glass. Each time she went to the restroom, even just to pee, the pain was excruciating. “I made it home but I literally had to stay in bed for the rest of the day.” She had literally forced herself to go to work the next day, but had been in so much pain that she’d had to limp around partially stooped over. “I didn’t feel myself for about a week.”





“Is that the first time you had ever experienced pain like that?” Dr. Sarma asked while taking notes.





“Well…once before.” After her father died. She had attributed it to grief. “But not that bad and it went away after a few hours.”





“It could very well be Crohn’s.”





“How do you get rid of it?” Jason interjected. The doctor met his eyes.





“You don’t. There is no cure for Crohn’s. If Robin has it, then she is in remission. Remission can last for years, or for just a very short period of time.”





“She’ll be alright, won’t she?” Betty asked.





“Yes. But we need to do another endoscopy to remove the bad cells and complete some tests to try to determine if we are on the right track.”





The Doctor gave her a prescription for valium and instructed her on what to do should the intestinal pain return. Betty Mathena sniffed and stared at the ceiling. Thank you god, she prayed. I will do better. I swear to you that I will do better.





They had gone through an emotional rollercoaster and were quiet as they left the hospital that evening. Betty was holding her daughter’s hand as they walked leisurely. She turned to Robin as they stepped off the elevators to the garage.





“I think I will go visit your Daddy’s grave today.”





That surprised Robin. She never wanted to think about Daddy’s dying. In the past when Robin tried to call her to see if she was okay, on the anniversary of his death, Mama would just brush her off. She had explained in sharp words that all she wanted to do was get past this day with her sanity intact and Robin had understood that perfectly. On this day, they didn’t talk about Daddy.





“Do you want me to go with you?”





“No.” Betty smiled softly. “I want to do it alone.”





Robin hugged her mother quickly. “Thanks for being here Mama.” She whispered. Betty pulled back and stroked Robin’s short hair.





“This hairstyle really suits you.” She watched her lovingly and then looked at Jason.





“Jason, I’ll see you Sunday then.”





Jason’s brow smoothed and he took a deep breath. “Yes, ma’ame. I’ll see you Sunday.”





“Robin and I usually got out to lunch after church. But if it’s okay with you two, I’d like to make us dinner. How does meatloaf and sautéed cabbage sound?”





Momma hadn’t cooked a Sunday dinner in ages. She looked at Jason. “My mother makes the best sautéed cabbage in the world.”





“I never had sautéed cabbage.” He said. “Sounds good. Dinner would be great Mrs. Mathena.” Betty could see that his muscles weren’t moving so badly now. She decided that she would pull up some information on Cerebral Palsy on the computer when she returned home.





Once they were loaded up in her car Jason turned to her. “Do you want to go visit your father’s grave, Robin?”





She nodded silently too afraid to talk because then she might start crying. He took her hand.





“It’s okay if you want to cry. You have every right, you’ve been so strong today.” She gave him a brave smile.





“I think I’m okay.”





Robin drove to Spring Grove Cemetery. It was big, hard to navigate through, but she had the route embedded in her memories even though she had only come here twice before. She wondered if she would see her Mom there, but didn’t. Jason stayed in the car while she made her way to Daddy’s grave stone.





She sat down. “Hi Daddy. I know I don’t have to come here to talk to you, but I couldn’t seem to do this anywhere else but here. I’m sorry that I haven’t been talking to you as much.” And then Robin explained about all of the things that had been happening to her. She talked about Miss Lucille and about actually being in college—if only to help someone else out. “Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad, Daddy. Maybe I can do it. I mean, I know I can do it, but maybe I WANT to do it now.” She talked about Jason and about how strong he was and how much she cared for him. And then she talked about her and Mama’s vacation. “At first, I wasn’t looking forward to it. But now…I just want some time with just us, time to make things right again.”





When Robin finally stopped talking over half an hour had passed. She turned back to her car where she had left Jason and saw that her mother’s car had pulled up right behind hers and Mama was sitting there silently, giving her an opportunity to speak to her father privately. She stood up quickly.





“Why didn’t you come up?” She asked.





Her mother smiled. “I didn’t need to.” She waved and drove away.





Robin climbed into the car. “Jason, I’m so sorry. I had no idea that I’d be that long.” He just smiled at her. His muscles were lucid his smile straight; and killer, as always.





“You had a seizure?” She asked.





“Yeah, I was strapped in. I’m okay.”





She reached over and kissed him, holding him there against her for a moment. “Thank you for suggesting that. I really needed it.”





“I know.”





They had dinner at Johnny Rockets, sitting and talking long after their meal was finished. Jason’s hand finally moved along her knuckles and he met her eyes silently. Robin’s body shivered. They paid their check and went back to the apartment. Robin wanted a shower, she felt icky from the day’s events. She heard the shower curtain open and turned to see Jason standing there nude, braces on his knees.





“Jason! You’re not supposed to be standing…”





He reached for her hand which she took, and then he stepped into the shower very carefully. “I want to take a shower with you.” Robin wiped the streaming water from her eyes as he positioned himself against the wall.





“I want to wash you.” He took the wash cloth from her hands and quickly lathered soap onto it. She moved forward and closed her eyes as he began to gently wash her neck, her arms, and then her torso. He had her turn and he washed her back and then she felt the wash cloth between her thighs as he gently washed her there. She felt soft kisses on her back and her heart began to beat rapidly.





Jason’s soapy fingers slipped past the wash cloth and he gently stroked her pussy. Robin shuddered and placed her hand on the wall to keep herself from falling. She grabbed the soap and created a lather in her hands and then she reached behind her, locating Jason’s very hard cock.





She washed him, her hands searching out his tight stomach, feeling the muscles there tremble at her touch and hearing his sharp gulp of air as the pleasure in him mounted. Robin turned and placed one leg onto the tub’s edge and then she pressed her body against his, her hands moving easily up his chest, their mouths finding each other. His hands pulled her bodily against him where he leaned against the wall. Jason’s hand clutched her full ass and he rolled his hips against her wet pelvis, his cock between them, rubbing into her belly.





She wanted to reach between them and push his cock into her, even though he wasn’t wearing a condom. But there was a part of her that didn’t care, the part of her that was focusing on the way her soapy hands felt as they quickly stroked his hard shaft, and the part of her that heard his moans and felt the way his fingers dug into the flesh of her ass. That part of her cared for nothing other than the feel of his cock slamming and stretching her muscles.





But one thought kept her from doing this. And that was; they had the rest of their lives together. So instead, she slipped down onto her knees and she sucked the head of his cock into her mouth, pulling him sensually further and further down her throat.





Jason planted his hands on the wall and braced himself the best he could. His body was a jumble of nerve endings that were going haywire. He moaned and cried out as Robin’s mouth lathed him. She was doing it like she’d never done it before; with an urgent need and wild abandon. Her mouth worked his cock, opening to accept as much of him as she could. He was in the back of her throat and then she was releasing him, lapping at his cock and then swallowing him down again.





Jason was going into sensory overload; the feel of the shower spray striking his body, the sensation of the droplets streaming down his sensitized skin, the erotic treatment of Robin’s mouth and hands as they cupped and stroked his balls.



He had great control of his orgasm, even if he had little control of muscle function. He thought that he could hold this until he made her cum, but a loud guttural, primal yell came from his mouth and he came very hard and very fast.





Robin milked his cock catching every creamy spurt of him into her mouth. He watched this with an almost fanatical intrigue. He knew that if he thought of these seconds sometime in the future he would just instantly ejaculate! The image of her was just as erotic as the sensations.





His knees gave out, as he knew they would but it didn’t matter because Robin was there on the floor of the tub with him, her body curled like a kitten against his as the cooling water spray saturated them. It didn’t matter; neither felt the urge to move.





After they left the tub and got dried off, the urgent need for sex waned…though it didn’t quite disappear. Robin slipped on panties and a t-shirt and Jason just put on boxers. She helped him use the toilet and then rubbed his legs down with oil. He surprised her by rubbing her body down with oil and of course that led to the end of their night filled with loud cries of passion, neighbors looking at each other in awe at the antics of their strange neighbor and his sexy caregiver, and then a deep, anxiety-free sleep.





***





Friday was so much better than Thursday morning. She didn’t have cancer! Yay! Her Mama was seeming to accept her boyfriend! YIPPEE! She was going to her first costume party where her boyfriend who was to be the star of the night! DOUBLE YIPPE...but still no period. Of course it was Halloween and the day of the party and therefore it would make its appearance at the most inopportune time. That was just destiny, Robin figured as she and Jason got ready for their day.





Because of the party the five friends met in the cafeteria for lunch in order to confirm that everything was set for tonight. Belinda appeared at lunch. Peter’s little ‘friend’ from the other day, had not made a reappearance. Belinda’s lunch was a chef salad which seemed to include everything from eggs to every kind of meat and every kind of cheese possible. She shared it with Robin when she commented on how big it was.





“So we’re all going to need to meet at the hall. They want us set up by seven.” Peter informed them that the equipment was already there and set up. The three of them had worked on it until late in the night. They talked about how good the hall looked; very festive Halloween. Belinda and Peter were even talking good naturedly, even if Belinda managed to stay slightly aloof. Robin didn’t think that their time together last night had led to a rekindling of their relationship, but it had somehow repaired some of the damage.





At rehab, Raymond had a list of the physical therapy that the specialist had sent and instead of time in a Jacuzzi, he spent time having his muscles painfully stretched.





“Fuck!” He screamed when he got a charly horse in his calf. Raymond worked it out quickly and then continued to stretch his tightened muscles and ligaments.





When that was finally over they dashed home. Jason was fidgeting as Robin put on his makeup. He asked if they could have a quickie, and she told him absolutely not! And risk ruining the makeup? But she then ended up giving him a handjob anyways. He quieted after that and when he was all dressed Robin couldn’t stop from laughing. He looked so much like the Mad Hatter from Tim Burton’s Alice in Wonderland that Robin couldn’t imagine him not winning the costume contest.





She went on to get dressed while Jason wrote a list of things that he would need his mother to pick up for him Saturday. Robin stopped midway in her makeup to help him with the note. His chicken scratch writing was almost impossible to read, but he assured her that his mother could understand it.





Beneath the list she wrote: toilet paper-sorry Mrs. Hamilton, I will leave you ten dollars to pay for it.





Jason took the list from her and scowled at her written words. He continued to write. Later she saw the list hanging on the refrigerator and it read: Robin’s IBS went amuck and she used toilet paper, big deal!!! Get razors. Cheerios. Lactaid milk-for Robin’s bad stomach.





Robin sighed and she picked up the list and jotted on it. Thank you.





“Robin Robin Robin.” He chanted like a petulant kid. “Let’s go, it’s aready six.”





“You wanted the handjob.” She called back. “So stop rushing me!” She was putting the finishing touches on the wild blue eye shadow. She decided to forego the white face—she didn’t want to look as if she was in an old time minstrel show.





She stepped back and looked at herself in the mirror. Nice. Maybe not exactly like Tim Burton’s vision for the Queen of Hearts because she was a bit more hipper and more curvier, and definitely sexier. Still she was Robin, Queen of Hearts. She picked up her staff and walked into the living room. Jason laughed and clapped and then he got his cell phone and took a ton of pictures while she posed. Then she took pictures of him with both his and her phone.





As they headed out the door Jason gripped her hand.





“Robin?”





“Yes?”





“Did you get your period?”





She shook her head but quickly added; “I’m sure I’ll get it sometime today. It was just a stressful week. Sometimes things like that work havoc on a woman’s system.”





He nodded but she saw that he had a worried look on his face.





Peter had already sent two text messages asking them where they were. To which Jason replied; fucking; will call you back after I make Robin cum. Then Peter sent a message; WHAAAAAT??? He returned the text; j/k. Then he erased it all before Robin saw it.





They arrived at the Hall and it was bigger than the Omicron house. Not many people were present this early except for the brothers from the house and their dates, but it seemed as if the party had already begun. Peter was on stage playing some practice beats that sounded like the real deal. Robin grinned up at him and waved as they approached. He was dressed like Edward Scissor Hands! Oh my god, it was hilarious!





He was more a bootleg Edward Scissor Hands, with a crazy black afro wig instead of the wild hair that Johnny Depp wore in the movie. He had the makeup pretty good, but instead of scissor hands he was wearing one rubber Freddie Krueger glove. He left the record spinning and wheeled down the man-made ramp to greet them.





He gave Robin a quick hug. “Damn. You’re the sexiest Queen of Hearts I’ve ever seen.” His eyes took in the swell of cleavage that peaked above the costumes bodice.





“Thank you.” She tried not to blush. “You make a great…um, Edward, Freddie, 1970’s R & B singer.”





He laughed. “Yeah, this was the best I could do at the last minute.”





Robin looked around. “Where is Amberly and Belinda?”





“They want to make a ‘grand entrance’.” He said using finger quotes. “So they won’t be here until about seven thirty.” But I’ll show you where we set up for the CD sales.” He led them to the entrance explaining that it might get too wild in there. So a table was set up just at the entrance. Boxes of CD’s were already waiting.





“I’ll get you a lockbox later with a bankroll already in it.” So that she could make change. That was good. “And you can start selling at about nine and then if you want to stop for a while, that’s cool, but start again at around midnight. How does that sound?”





“Sounds good.” She nodded.





Jason said a few private words to Peter who then returned to the stage to switch out the music.





He then moved to take Robin’s hands. “Okay, Sweetheart, we have some time to enjoy the party.” She gave him a pleased smile. Wow, two parties and she had yet to ever enjoy it with her own boyfriend. He got them punch, tasting it first to make sure that it wasn’t spiked. It was. He left it and got them bottled water.





Peter played Paramore’s The only Exception after the last song ended and she gave Jason a quick look. “Did you tell him to play that?”





“Yep.” He took her hand. “Dance with me?” She sat in his lap and put her hands around his shoulder, her head in that special place beneath his neck and chin. Jason began to roll them in small, slow circles, figure eights, twirling them as he nuzzled his head against her. They danced for a few more songs once that was over, even a fast song where Jason threw his hands in the air in his typical move that ended in air guitar and his head being thrown forward repeatedly. Robin danced in front of him, in her full dress, dancing just for him.





This few minutes before he had to perform was the best time that she had ever had. Jason moved onto the stage to join Peter and they spun records as people began to filter in. And then a while later Peter came down and joined her where she was watching them.





“Hey. Do you want to dance?”





“Sure.” She said happily. “Did my boyfriend send you down here to keep me company?”





“Yep.”





“Thank you.” Suddenly their Kings of Leon song played and Robin knew that they had saved it just for that moment. People began singing along and it became like an anthem! She looked at Jason while she danced and he looked very proud as if it was him singing it with her.





Peter danced great for a guy in a wheelchair. He could break dance and cabbage patch and anything else that just required him to move his upper body. They danced for a while. He stopped, drank the punch despite the fact that it was spiked and then they resumed dancing. They were joined a few moments later by Amberly who danced with them in that strange spastic way that she had. Robin and Peter grinned at each other and just let Amberly be Amberly. Her costume actually looked damn good. She made a very wicked looking Cruella Daville.





Peter looked around and so did Robin, for Belinda. Peter saw her first because he just stopped dancing all together. And then Robin saw her next. Belinda cut a path through the small crowd of people that had already arrived to the party. She had to be seven feet, no joke.





She was dressed as Lady Gaga wearing a meat dress.





People whispered and reached out to touch her. She looked just like Lady Gaga.





Robin’s mouth was open. “Is that a real meat dress?” Was all that she could manage.





Belinda threw her head back and laughed merrily. “Am I going to win this contest or what?”





Amberly was grinning. “Yes, my extravagant friend. You will win. And no, Robin, that is not real meat or she would have had to ride in the trunk.”





Robin reached out and touched it. “Latex? That is latex meat.” She laughed and clapped. “I love it!”





Belinda reached out and fluffed Robin’s gown. “Damn, you are one smoking Queen of Hearts!” Robin placed an embarrassed hand over her the mound of her chest. Okay, smoking, sexy, hot was not the effect that she had been going for. Perhaps her boobs in Jason’s face as she worked on his makeup was the reason that he’d needed the handjob?





“That’s a great costume, Belinda.” Peter said honestly.





“Thank you. Yours is…well…”





He just laughed. “Dance with us.”





“No, I need to find my date.”





“Your date?” Peter said.





“Yeah. Chauncy couldn’t pick me up because he had to set up for the party.”





Chauncy. Robin remembered the name. He was the big football player type that had been the body guard at the first part. He was pretty close to being seven feet tall himself.





Peter gawked at her. “Chauncy? But you don’t even like Chauncy!”





“What?” Belinda frowned. “I think that’s YOU who doesn’t care for him.” She turned away from him. “Amberly I’ll meet you up in the control room in a little while.” She reached out and hugged Robin. “And you are the sexiest Queen ever! Me and Chauncy will be back down to dance with you.” Then Belinda sauntered away amidst admiring looks and wolf whistles.





Peter had the most evil look on his face. He didn’t even try to hide it. He swung around in his wheelchair and rolled angrily up the ramp. Jason removed the head set from one of his ears and said something to him. Peter just waved him off. And then he disrupted the nice groove that Jason had going by putting on hard techno. The crowd quickly switched gears and began club dancing.





Amberly shrugged. “Do you want to come up to the control room and help me until Belinda gets there?” Robin checked the time on her cell phone. “Nah, I better not. I need to start selling the product.”





“Alright come up if you want.”





Before Robin even got out the door one of the Omicron brothers climbed up on stage and did his big welcome to the crowd. He introduced Link and Top of the group Wheels of Steel to which there was big applause. Robin stood in the entrance, joining in with those applause. The announcer gave a shout out to Belinda and Amberly who were working on the visuals and then lastly, Robin who would be selling the cd’s out front.





At the mention of her name she gave Jason a surprised look. He raised his hand to her and she raised her hand in return. It was nice having your boyfriend be the star attraction. They got going with some simple scratching and beat making. And Robin asked the announcer where she would get the lockbox of money. A few of the brothers offered to sit with her and help her sale. She wasn’t going to turn down the company.





There was a good crowd of customers and the guys kept the table loaded up while she took the money. After about forty-five minutes of this, Robin was ready to watch the party and not to mention her boyfriend. She had already sold several hundred dollars worth of cds and so figured Peter would be happy. The Omicron brothers offered to put away the remainder of the cd’s until she was ready to sale them again.





She returned to the auditorium and saw the light show going. Wow it was great. Amberly had outdone herself with this idea. She noted some people watching as she moved to the music. Not everyone had dressed as extravagant as they had, some just wore all goth or emo, but some had gone all out with the costume; witch’s, ghosts, super heroes, anime characters and it went on and on.





“Excuse me. Are you here alone?”





She turned to see a black guy wearing a Zorro costume. It was a great compliment to his already good looks.





“Um…I’m here with my boyfriend.”





“Oh. Well you’ve been standing here alone for some time. Would you like to dance?”





She glanced at the stage where Jason was absorbed in his music making. Several guys had asked her to dance but she had declined each time. But it got boring dancing by herself…She gave the good-looking guy a smile.





“Yes.” At first she worried that he would dance in some perverted way as she saw some of the others dancing. But that wasn’t the case. He pretty much followed her lead which meant that he pretty much shuffled his feet and moved his shoulders.





“Are you a student?”





“Nol” She laughed. “My boyfriend is, though.”





“Ah. The infamous boyfriend.” He chuckled. His name was Duane and he was a Junior. He told her three times that he liked her costume and she told him once that she liked his. He offered to buy her a drink and she declined, settling for a bottled water. As they talked her song came on; Love’s End and she turned to the stage.





“That’s my song!” She exclaimed. Jason was watching her intently and she smiled and waved at him discreetly. He made a brief kissing motion with his lips. Duane looked at her in surprise.





“This is you singing? Is that your boyfriend?”





“Yeah, Jason…or Top.”





“Wow, cool.” He began to jam to the music even more as he watched the video play. “That’s you isn’t it?”





She chuckled. “How can you tell?! You can’t even see my face.”





“Because I’ve been dancing with you for the last twenty minutes. That’s how I know.” He said good naturedly. Belinda came up to her a few moments later. She was holding her regular Hennessey and Chauncy had his hands around her hips.





“Robin! This is my friend Chauncy. Chauncy, Robin.”





She knew him already as one of the guys that had given her a hard time getting back into the Omicron party that first time. But she didn’t have hard feelings. The tall young man was built like a football player and he held out his hand and took hers gently in his big paw. She then introduced everyone to Duane, who after a moment excused himself, thanking her for the dance.





“Are you having fun?” She asked, her voice slightly slurred. Robin nodded. It was true too, even though she was mostly alone she enjoyed the music and people watching. “Chauncy, can you get me another drink and Robin…another bottled water?” Belinda drained her half filled cup in two swallows and he nodded happily and went off to do as she had instructed.





“What do you think of my date?”





“Well he’s cute.”





“Did you see the look on Peter’s face?” Belinda laughed. “Serves him right.” Robin peeked up and saw that Peter was periodically looking at them.





“Do you want to be back with Peter?”





Belinda’s response was just a short laugh. When Chauncy was close to them she said quietly. “Chauncy would have never given me a second look if it hadn’t been for the corset I wore to last Friday’s party. Peter…” She looked at Robin sadly. “He saw the real me before I ever looked any different.”





She wanted to tell her not to do this, that Peter still loved her he just didn’t want to admit it and that two wrongs didn’t make a right—But Chauncy was already upon them and Belinda was already hooking her arm around his neck and kissing him. Robin looked away until they finished and then they all danced together.





A while later Peter’s voice came over the mic. “Thank you all, we’re going to take a break, the music is going to keep spinning. And don’t forget to purchase your cd’s out front from our lovely Queen of Heart’s Robin. She will begin selling them again in about an hour. At midnight we will unveil the winner’s of the costume contest. First prize is $150, second prize is $100 and third prize is a $50 gift certificate to Dave & Busters. Also honorable mentions will receive free cd’s…and…” Link chuckled. “…if you’re cute a date with me.”





There was a lot of whoops to that. Peter wheeled down the ramp and he was surrounded by bimbos. Several people crowded around Jason, as well. But since he didn’t stop wheeling towards Robin, they had no choice but to keep moving.





Robin hid a smile. He truly did not care about the fame. He just thanked people and kept on moving. He was funny. When he reached her, Belinda and Chauncy who were still dancing, he slapped Chauncy’s hands and then he reached out to touch Belinda’s meat dress, laughing good naturedly.





Robin handed him her unopened water and he swilled down half of it in one gulp.





“How were we up there?”





“Do you really need to ask?! Listen to that crowd!” He nodded happily. Amberly reached them and Belinda gave her a brief hug.





“Cruella Daville! You rock!” They danced wildly to the music. Robin had so much fun that she was a little upset when midnight approached and she had to begin selling the cd’s again. She looked around to tell Link how good the first take had been but he was nowhere to be seen.





“Where’d Link go?” Robin asked.





“Probably in the bathroom getting his dick sucked!” Belinda said nonchalantly. Robin gave her a surprised look. “That’s how he does it, right Top? You band boys get your dick wet in the bathrooms during your parties.” Her words were bitter. She kept dancing up against Chauncy who was busily trying to grind against her and not even paying attention to her words.





“You need to stop drinking now.” Jason said seriously.





“Fuck you, Jason. You’re not my father! Ha!” She kept dancing. Amberly and Jason exchanged looks. Robin wondered why she drank like this each week if she was going to allow herself to get out of control?!





She put her hand on her friend’s shoulder. “Hey, do you want to help me sell some cd’s.” She glanced at the nasty dancing guy. “You and Chauncy?”





Belinda frowned. “Yeah. Yeah, that sounds like fun—NOT. Haha, I’m going to smoke a joint. I’ll be back later.” Robin watched the two of them leave. But what could she do? Belinda was a grown woman, over 21 and the guy that she had been in love with had already been doing another woman and was more than likely doing some random person as they spoke. But Robin could not get out of her mind what Belinda had said; Chauncy only asked me out once he saw me in the corset. But Peter saw the real me before that…





Her stomach began to quake. She spoke quietly to Jason and Amberly. “I need to use the restroom.”





“Are you okay?” Jason asked.





She hurried away, calling over her shoulder that she was. The auditorium had two sets of male and female restrooms on the main floor. But she knew they would be crowded and she had to go right now. She hurried up the stairs where a few people were mingling, drinking, trying to find a quiet pace to talk or make-out.





She found the toilet and hurried inside, using it quickly. She was washing her hands when she heard Peter’s voice from the hallway. He was talking quietly and she heard a giggled response. Robin sighed in disappointment. She left the bathroom in time to see him and two women simultaneously riding on his wheelchair, going into a room.





She headed back down the stairs without saying a word. Robin sat in Jason’s lap and placed her head on his shoulder.





“Tired?” He asked. She nodded.



“Go back to the apartment. I’ll meet you there when we get finished.”





“No.” She said. “I want to stay.” She placed her hands around his body almost possessively. “I love you Jason.”





He gave her a solemn look. “We won’t turn out like that. I promise.” She nodded.





He helped her sale some CD’s. They had programmed the computer to play dance, techno and top 40 music for about an hour and so only had a limited amount of time to hang with her. “People like the visualizations.”





“Yeah it was cool.”





“And babe, did you hear the crowd going wild for Love’s End? They love your voice!”





“They love what you did to my voice…or the way Amberly made me dance in the video.”





“Hmmm. You don’t give yourself enough credit, Sweetheart. I don’t know what I can do to help you understand just how wonderful you are.”





Before she answered she noted that an older white man was standing in front of Jason, as if waiting. He gave the man a curious look.





“Jason Hamilton? I’m Mr. Edelson.” He had a British accent and very short white hair in a relatively youthful face. He was maybe as old as her mother but with a lot of flair.





“Yes. I’m Jason Hamilton.” He handed Jason a card and he examined it. Robin wondered what it said. “Have you ever heard of Akita Tom?” Jason nodded. “We’d like to talk to you and your partner.” Mr. Edelson held out his hand and Jason shook it slowly. “And by the way, I’d like to purchase a CD.”





Jason handed it to him. “Why don’t you just take this? It would be my honor.” Mr. Edelson gave him a brief bow and accepted the CD.





“Thank you. We look forward to hearing from you and Mr.Warrant.”





Jason turned to Robin in excitement as soon as he was gone. “That was Akira Todd’s Agent.”





“Who is that, babe?”





Jason took a deep breath. He held up his finger and moved his chair back. Robin turned to the other Omicron brother who had been helping unload the cd’s.





“Watch the money!” She quickly rose and pushed Jason’s chair back and turned his back to the line of people. Jason’s seizure lasted just 2 minutes and when his eyes opened he gave her a weary look. “Akira Todd,” he rubbed his face and tried to become alert. “is one of the top mix artists in Japan. He’s a white guy that knew how to make some wicked beats and went to Japan and literally blew up!”





“Jesus.”





“Shit! I gotta get back on stage! No telling where Peter is.” He wheeled away. “I’ll be back later, babe!” Robin couldn’t believe that Jason had just gotten a card from an Agent and then had just run off. An Agent! Screw the CD’s! Robin grabbed the lockbox and told the Omicron brother to take any remaining CD’s to the back. She hurried into the auditorium and saw that both Peter and Jason were up on stage. One of the Omicron brother’s was taking the mic again.





“Okay, it’s midnight and time to announce the winners of the Halloween costume contest. Drum role please!” Peter created a drum roll beat and everyone began laughing.





“The first prize winner, and the recipient of One hundred and fifty dollars is…Belinda Stryker and her Lady GaGa meat dress!” Robin couldn’t clap because she was holding a lockbox with over a thousand dollars in it, but she sure did cheer and whoop loudly. Belinda broke through the crowd and then climbed up the stairs. A few people assisted her since the meat shoes that she wore were spiked. Belinda took the stage appearing every much a star as the real Lady Gaga.





She curtsied drunkenly and the Omicron brother had to grab her before she toppled off the stage. He pretended to grope her and Belinda lightly smacked his hands away and snatched her check from him. She moved across the stage. Peter wouldn’t even look at her at all.





They announced the second prize winner who wore an elaborate Final Fantasy tribute. “Third prize goes to Jason Hamilton as the funky Mad Hatter.” Jason seemed surprised but wheeled to get his check, his face all smiles. “Honorable mentions go to Nan Penski as a bumble bee. Chris Tipp as a scary clown. Robin Mathena as the busty Queen of Hearts-” Robin’s eyes bulged. She almost fainted when her name was called. They also gave an honorable mention to Amberly as the Bride of Frankenstein. Amberly almost had a tantrum that they didn’t recognize her as Cruella Daville.





Robin watched as Jason talked to Peter. She couldn’t help grinning when Peter made two fists and began beating at the air whooping loudly. Belinda turned to them, hands up in question. Jason waved her over and told her, showing them both the card. Belinda almost fell on her butt. Amberly ambled up onto the stage and joined in the Wheels of Steel celebration. Robin watched happily from the floor at what could potentially become a history making moment.





Chapter 22





By the time the couple got everything broken down and loaded up into Peter’s van it was after two and Jason and Robin didn’t get back to his house until close to three. Peter drove off with two girls as Belinda looked on. Chauncy put his hands around her waist as she sat there and she swung around and slapped him.





“Dude, please! Hands? Damn. Amberly, take me home, please.” She climbed into Amberly’s car and ignored Chauncy who appeared confused.





“But Chauncy is so cute.” Robin heard Amberly say.





“But I don’t want to keep being someone’s meat puppet!” And then Amberly was driving away. Thank god she’d sobered enough to remember that.





Robin let Jason off at his apartment and he was incredibly disappointed. He’d been fantasizing about stripping her out of that Queen of Hearts dress all evening…or maybe even allowing her to keep it on. A little role play action might be fun. But Robin was unyielding. His mother would be there in the morning and she didn’t want her finding them in bed together again. End of story.





Jason watched her drive away and decided that it was time to talk to his mother about things; his legs, his adult relationship and most importantly—the Baclofen pump.





Robin slept so late that when she finally woke Saturday it was after twelve noon. She jumped up, feeling that there was something that she should be doing, or somewhere that she needed to be…but then she lay back down and remembered that this was Saturday; this was her day—the first that she’d had in a long while that hadn’t been spent sick on her back.





She lay there, decadently, enjoying the feel of doing nothing before she finally pulled herself out of bed. After some light house work, Robin got showered and dressed. She needed to visit the grocery store because the milk had gone bad and she was suspicious about the eggs.





She saw blueberry muffins and thought about Miss Lucille. Today would be a great day for a visit with the elderly lady. After she dropped her purchases off at the apartment, Robin drove to Covington Kentucky to the elder care facility. She thought about the party last night and about the Agent and then became anxious to see Jason. She had to admit that her body missed their nightly love fest. She felt her need for him like an ache deep in her belly.





She felt a bit chagrined that she had awakened to yet another morning with no sign of her period. The look on Jason’s face spoke clearly to the fact that he was not ready to be a father, as she was not ready to be a mother. She sighed. It was time to consider the possibility that she could actually be pregnant. She had no doubt that Jason would love their child—if that should be the case. It was just that they were so new and there was so much to life that she had yet to discover before she wanted to bring life into the world.





She sighed as she pulled into the parking lot of the nursing home. Again she was met with the sight of elderly people sitting out front chatting and she wished that Mrs. Lucille could be one of those people. There was probably not an individual more in need of a friend then Miss Lucille.





She went to the front desk. “Miss Lucille Babb please.” Robin was considering just how much she would go off if she found Miss Lucille in a similar condition as she had before.





“Mrs. Babb.” It was the same man from the week before. “I’ll get the nurse. One moment please.”





After a few long minutes the nurse from the last visit rounded the corner. Her footsteps faltered as she saw Robin. Uh oh. She was sure that meant that she would need to get all into this woman’s butt and chew her a new asshole!





The woman averted her eyes. “I’m sorry. Mrs. Babb passed away earlier this week.”





Robin stood there watching the woman. “What?”





“Mrs. Babb expired from complications to pneumonia. She died peacefully in her sleep Wednesday morning. I’m sorry.” Robin sucked in a deep breath.





“I…”



“I can get you the information about her final arrangements. The funeral will be Monday. Dr. Babb had tried to contact you but something about your place of business would not give out your personal information. He left a number for you. I’ll get it.”





She hurried away and Robin stood there in the middle of the room feeling like the world had tilted sideways.





Oh my god. Wednesday. She was supposed to have visited her Tuesday…





“Ma’ame?” Robin blinked and the nurse was back and holding a card. “That is how you contact Dr. Babb.”





“But…what happened?”





“Well, as I said, there was complications from-”





“I know that! I heard you. I mean exactly what happened?” Robin asked.





The nurse’s eyes again would not meet Robin’s. “If you like we can go to the office and talk about-”





“No.” Robin snapped. “I’m just trying to understand. What do you mean when you say complications?”





“Mrs. Babb was an old woman.”





Robin sighed. Jesus! “What do you mean complications? Can you be more exact? Was it fluid in her lungs? Did she choke? Did she go into a coma? Please help me understand her last moments?!”





“Well…I’m not really at liberty-”





“Oh my god! You fucking ghoul!” Several people looked at them at Robin’s sharp words.





“You know.” The nurse said, a hard look falling over her face. “I don’t have to take this.” She turned and walked away.





“Yeah, I know about you. You and I had words last time; about the level of care that you were giving her. So it only stands to reason that you don’t want to talk to me about this since you did nothing to make her last few days…HUMANE!” Robin’s voice was shaking as she followed after the woman. “You’re a ghoul! Was she one too many in your case load?!”





The man from the front desk hurried after her. “Ma’ame! I’m going to have to ask you to leave!”





“Who is next on your list?!” Robin ignored him and chased after the nurse who was trying to walk to a back room. “Is it that poor old lady over there?! Or that man?! Who’s next on your list you bitch! You killer! YOU MURDERER!” The man grabbed Robin’s arm roughly as the nurse’s footfalls faltered and she turned to glare at Robin.





“You call me a bitch?! This is my life—taking care of these people who can’t take care of themselves is my life!”





“You didn’t want her to live, did you?!” Robin screamed. “One less ass to wipe, right?!”





“Ma’ame!” The man pulled her roughly, yanking her arm and Robin jerked away roughly.



“Don’t you say that to me!” The nurse yelled. “Don’t you dare say that to me! Fuck you, you stupid stupid girl! She was fucking old! She wasn’t going to live-”





Robin reached, lurched forward and this time the man got her tightly, one arm hooked around her throat. He yanked her painfully off her feet and began carrying her bodily out of the facility.





“Don’t you come back here! I’ll call the cops on your ass!” He tossed her to the ground and Robin landed sprawled on her ass with grit marks in the palm of her left hand. She blinked, heart racing, an angry retort on her tongue. But all she could think is that these poor poor people were all going to die. Die here amongst people that didn’t care, people that allowed bedsores to fester and that thought it was okay because they were old and going to die anyways.





Robin jumped to her feet and ran away as eyes watched her like she was the crazy one.





***





Jason didn’t have the luxury of sleeping late like Robin. His mom was at the door knocking at an ungodly 8 am. When he complained, her response had been that her life wasn’t going to be kept on hold. If he wanted his house cleaned and his shopping done then he’d do it on her schedule…and furthermore he would not have had to get up if he’d return the key that he had taken from her.





Jason just grumbled and went back to the bedroom without responding. He placed the pillow over his head while she turned on the television to the morning news and began to loudly clean. A return to sleep was not going to happen so he finally just got up and went to the bathroom.





“Mom!” He yelled. “I need cleaned.” She came into the bathroom and cleaned his bottom and then ran his bath.





“Where’s Robin?” She asked.





“Ha. Why do you think she would be here?”





“Because you two are boy-friend and girlfriend and obviously sexually active. How did her test go?”





“No cancer. But more tests to figure out why she has the ulcers. It might be Crohns disease…or it might not.”





“Well thank god it ain’t the big C. And by the way, about you two being sexually active.” Jason rolled his eyes. “I do hope that you are ALWAYS using protection because the last thing we need are you two trying to bring a baby into your relationship-”





“Oh my god, mother! I’m trying to get into the bathtub. Okay? Go please?” She scowled, looking just like him…or perhaps it was the other way around. She left the bathroom and he muttered about her words that were actually too close to truth. He should call Robin except that it was still too early. What if…? He didn’t think about it because, their first time could not result in a baby, especially when he had pulled out. Right?





Instead of focusing on Robin’s late period, he focused on the card from Mr. Edelson. They were going to call later that evening. With a sigh that should be joyous, Jason pulled himself to the edge of the tub and onto his chair. He dressed and he and Mom had breakfast of pancakes and scrambled eggs. They both read the paper, Jason glancing at his mother periodically.





“Mom.” He finally said, putting down the paper.





“Yes?” Her eyes didn’t move to his.





“I’ve been walking.”





“You think I don’t know that?”





Jason’s brow furrowed. “H-ow?” The reason she knew is because she had made a stop by his house to drop off something she’d forgotten at the grocers. She’d seen a new set of leg braces. But she didn’t tell him. Why should she tell her secrets?





When Jason received no answer he swallowed and stiffened his shoulders. “I’m also going back on Baclofen.”





His mother shook out the paper and continued to read. “No you’re not.”





“Yes I am.”





“I’m not going to argue with you. We’ve been over this before. I haven’t changed my mind. I’m not going to change my mind.”





“Mom-”





“Jason!” She slammed the paper down. “Why do you want to keep rehashing this argument?!”





His words were calm. “Who’s arguing? I didn’t say I WANT to return to Baclofen. I told you that I AM doing it.”





“With what money, Son? Because you won’t have any until you are 21.” Which is when his father offered to end the child support and provide him with a hefty inheritance. The current situation was more to benefit his mother then him since his mother did not need to provide support to a grown man that lived his own life. But maybe this is what his Dad felt needed to be done in order to make amends to her for being a shithead.





“I figured that you were going to say no. So I’m calling Dad.”





She said absolutely nothing. “You haven’t talked to your father in years.”





“I will for this.”





She gave him a long look. “I will tell him not to do it.”





Jason stared at her. “If you do that, then I’ll never talk to you again.”





“Jason.” Her eyes were unflinching. “I watched you come as close to death as a mother should ever see her son come, all because of falling, blacking out from the Baclofen, seizures, you name it. So, guess what? You do what you have to do and I’ll do what I have to do.” She got up and walked out the door.





Jason placed his face into his hand and rested there for a while. After a long moment he looked up and then slowly reached for his cell phone. He cleared his throat and dialed the cell number that he had never before dialed; the one that belonged to his father.





“Hello?” Came the gruff voice of a man.





“Dad? This is Jason.”





“Jason.” Came the surprised response. “What’s wrong?”





“Nothing. Nothings wrong. But I need to talk to you.”





“Okay. Are you sure?”





Jason ran his fingers through his tangled hair and tried not to sigh. Was it possible that after three years he could just freaking listen without jumping to conclusions? Or would it just make him feel better to be Daddy rescuer? Fine, then he’d play it his way.





“Yes, there is something wrong. Can you come over here?”





“Yeah, Jason. I’m on my way. It will take me an hour because I’m in Kentucky.” which is where he lived. He had never remarried after separating from his mother, and had never had any other kids. Jason figured that he had not wanted to tempt fate by having yet another broken child.





“Fine.” Jason began giving him his address.





“Jason I know where you live.” He repeated the address back to his son. Jason was surprised that he knew it without having to dig through some file. It wasn’t as if he’d ever been invited by. The two hung up after a brief goodbye.





Jason went about straightening up the apartment; the things that his mother hadn’t gotten to—like the dishes. Then he thought about shaving but decided that his light beard definitely made him look more like the man that his father had never thought he could be.





When the doorbell rang, Jason’s body was fluid. He’d already had his morning seizure and now he was calm.





He answered the door to a tall man in his mid forties. He was very handsome; fit despite the fact that his football player body was no longer accustomed to the game. His hair was longish and curled softly and like his son it was a deep red. His freckled face was almost an exact replica of the young man that sat in the wheelchair before him.





Chase Hamilton stood in the doorway staring at the young man. He pulled on a broad smile. “Hello, Jason. You’re looking good.”





“Hi. Come in.” The older man walked into the room, looking around, seeming to absorb every sight and every sound. Jason’s apartment was not the typical ‘home’ with his studio set up in his living room. But it was clean, neat and comfortable for him.





“Have a seat.” Jason gestured to the couch. “Do you want something to drink?”





“Um…sure. I’ll get it-”





“No, I will. Just have a seat.” Jason said as he wheeled into the kitchen. “Coke? Water? Iced tea?”





“Iced tea is good.” Jason grabbed two bottled iced teas and wheeled back into the living room.





The older man took a long swallow while his eyes roamed over the sight of his son. “You are looking very good. Have you been working out? You look like you have been.”





Jason gave him a cold look. “Well Dad, I’m just older, that’s all. Last time you saw me I was 16 so I kind of grew.” Jason was happy to see two bright red spots form on his father’s cheeks.





“True.” Chase said. “I haven’t been around much.” He stared into Jason’s green eyes steadily. “Of course you haven’t wanted me around. You’ve made that pretty clear.”





Jason didn’t respond. When he’d been in the hospital; surgeries, accidents, his father had come by but Jason had been adamant that he didn’t want to see him. Being sick was the worst time to try to listen to his father’s bullshit rhetoric. Maybe when he wasn’t sick and in the hospital he would have been more receptive to a visit from him, but that just didn’t happen. His father only came around when something was wrong.





Chase continued speaking when Jason did not seem inclined to respond. “How have you been, son?”





Jason’s eyes flinched at the use of the word. “The reason I asked you here is because I need you to give me the money for a surgery that I’d like to get.”





Chase rubbed his chin. “I have to admit, when you called me out of the blue, I phoned your mother. So I know all about the Baclofen pump and that she doesn’t want you to get it.”





Jason snorted and then looked at the ceiling. “Unbelievable.” He muttered. He looked at his father again. “And I suppose that you agree with her?”





“I…yes. I mean, your mother has taken care of things. So I’m sure she knows what risks-”





“Mom is overly protective of me because she’s had to be. But it doesn’t mean that she is always right.”





Chase considered his son. “Why can’t you just take it orally?”





“Because it’s worse, orally. I can’t think, I can’t…” He gestured to his studio, “…create music. I can’t stay awake. And I’m sick all of the time. With the pump it’s an even continuous distribution of the medicine.”





Chase looked at the studio where ambient music was flowing. “I heard that you make music. Is that one of yours?”





Jason nodded.





“Damn. You always liked music.” He sighed. “Tell me what the Baclofen pump is; exactly what it is.”





“I have rigidity and my muscles won’t cooperate and they pull without my control which is spasticity. With Baclofen it calms spasticity and gives me more muscle control. When I was last on Baclofen I could walk, I could speak more clearly.” It stopped the involuntary muscle cramps that forced his body into painful positions. Jason went into detail about this. Then he explained that his motions were slow, sinuous muscle movements and Baclofen helped with that. Also because he was dystonic; the muscles in his mouth, neck and throat were not controlled, he was prone to choking and slurring. He explained that with the pump he would be able to eat without having someone watch that he didn’t choke to death.





Jason explained all of this dispassionately as his father’s eyes grew larger. When he finished talking, his father nodded slowly.





“Your mother said that Baclofen almost killed you. You even overdosed-”





“That wasn’t the fault of the Baclofen. The catheter came loose and dumped a massive dose into my system. But I knew that it was happening so I called the ambulance.” He’d also gone into a coma for nearly an entire day. And that had been the last straw for his mother. The blacking out, and the falling as his body became adjusted was one thing, but his close brush with death had been the deal breaker.





“Jason…” His father ran a worried hand through his hair. “What if that happens again? Your mother says that someone HAS to be there to monitor you. If you hadn’t been able to call an ambulance then you would have died. And this happened when you were living at home with your mother. Now you live alone. Who is going to be this ‘support’ system that your mother keeps talking about? The person that will be taking you back and forth to the hospital for adjustments two and three times a week? The person that you will call when the medicine isn’t working right?”





“My girlfriend. My girlfriend has already offered to be my support system.”





“Girlfriend? You have a girlfriend?” His surprise was evident in his face.





Jason’s expression hardened. “Yeah. As impossible as that may seem to you, I do have a girlfriend-”





“I didn’t mean it that way, Jason. Jeez! You are a fucking hard kid to get along with!”





Jason looked at an empty space between them. “Her name is Robin.” He finally said.





Chase relaxed. “What is Robin like?”





“She’s black.” He peered at his father to see if he would have a reaction to that. “She’s gorgeous. She’s my caregiver so she knows what she’s doing.”





Chase grinned. “Wow, what does your mother think about all of this? I’m sure the color thing doesn’t matter to her since she’s been dating Raymond, but she always did tie on the apron strings pretty tight-”





“What?” Jason leaned forward. “Dating who?”





“Raymond. That guy that’s been giving you your rehab.”





Jason chuckled. “Yeah right. That’s crazy. He’s too young for Mom.”





Chase’s face seemed to pale. “I’m sorry…I figured she’d told you by now. She and Raymond had been seeing each other even before he took you on as a client.” Chase shook his head. “Look, I’m sorry. I didn’t meant to…”





Jason was frowning. There was no way that this could be true. Raymond used to tell him in detail about his fuck fests…UGH! Jason shuddered uncontrollably. No, he wouldn’t believe that…because if it was true then it meant that all of the secrets that he had told Raymond then he had gone right back and told his mother. But she had known about the walking…





He quickly dismissed all of that…for now.





“Look, Robin is going to be my support system. I’ve been on Baclofen before, I know what to expect, and I’m not a kid anymore for her to make my decisions for me. So...?”





Chase stood and paced a few feet. “Your mother will kill me for this, but yeah. I’ll pay for it.” He swung around to look at Jason. “On one condition.”





Jason shrugged. “What?”





“You let me be at the hospital when they put it in.” Jason nodded. “And you let me meet your girlfriend.”





“That’s two conditions.”





“Well…”





Jason stared at him. “Why? Why do you want to meet her?”





Chase shoved his hands into his pants pocket and responded solemnly. “Because she’s going to be the woman that has your life in her hands.” They stared at each other, neither backing down. Chase led a solitary life. He had never remarried and had no other children. His girlfriends’ were young, sexy and like the song by Steely Dan, not able to understand him the way he needed to be understood. Empty sex with sexy women was just that; empty. He craved more, family, a relationship with the son that he had never gotten to know.





Jason sighed. “Not immediately, okay? But yes, I’ll introduce you before the surgery.”





He nodded. He was happy that his son had called him, though it was evident that he was not exactly prepared to allow him into his life. Small steps. He would take what he could get.





Chapter 23





Robin reached her car and when she dug for her keys she saw that she was still holding the bag of muffins in one hand and Dr. Babb’s card in the other. She shuddered uncontrollably and then searched her purse for her car keys. She couldn’t see. Tears blurred her vision and her chest ached from trying to catch her breath.





She didn’t quite remember the drive home as she was crying almost hysterically, but she also didn’t know that she was crying almost hysterically. She ran up the stairs to the building, several neighbors looking on in concern. She kept to herself and most didn’t really know her other than to just say hi or bye. She stabbed at the elevator frantically and then without waiting, just hurried up the stairs, still holding the now torn bag of muffins.





In her apartment she slammed the door shut and pressed her back against it. Suddenly she could breath and she took several deep breaths and then rubbed her sweat slickened face with her shaking palm. The image of her last visit with Miss Lucille flooded her mind and it made her cringe. She hadn’t done enough! She had left her and not even returned! It hadn’t been enough...





“I’m so sorry…” She muttered. “I’m so sorry I wasn’t there.” So many images came to mind, from Jason turning blue on the floor of the restaurant to changing Miss Lucille’s adult diaper and finally to feeding her father his last meal. Robin sank down to the floor; her heart slamming into her chest and her throat tightening once again. She could barely cope with all of these images of people that she couldn’t save.





“Daddy…” She murmured. “I don’t know why I wasn’t there. How could I let you die without me?” And then suddenly, the things that she never allowed herself to consider came flooding back…





That day Robin had gone home. She’d spent the last week with Daddy, morning noon and night. She would dash home just to shower and pack food for her and Momma and then back she would return. Momma did the same, they made sure to always have at least one of them present at his bedside.





People from church came and helped but they didn’t understand that either she or Momma had to be there for Daddy’s last moments. They kept saying, ‘You are exhausted, baby. Go home and sleep. We will call you if something happens.’ She would just thank them for their concern and curl up in the chair next to Daddy’s bed, listening to the sound of his oxygen and the beeping of the machines.





And then it was the day before Halloween and Daddy had pulled down his oxygen mask and looked at her with clear eyes.





“Who’s been messing with you Robin?”





She had sat up straight and leaned in close. “Nobody, Daddy. I’m okay.” He nodded then, contented, and then went back to sleep. A sad smile tugged at her lips. Daddy was always trying to take care of somebody, even when he was on heavy dosages of morphine…even when he was at the last days of his life. Sometimes he would wake up and tell her to make sure a certain bill would get paid so that Mama wouldn’t have to worry about it. But she didn’t understand what he meant. Mama took care of all of the bills. Robin just nodded and assured him that she would. That was so much of his last days; he would wake up long enough to look around for them and once he saw them the frantic search ended and he delivered some last instruction.





Robin would almost feel desperate at the idea that one day he just wouldn’t be here. She knew that she should not wish for him to continue to live when his life was filled with so much pain, but she just wasn’t ready to lose her Daddy. She had reached out and clutched his hand while he slept. Who would fight for her when he wasn’t there? Who would she run to when he wasn’t there? And then that old familiar fear would creep up on her; the fear that no one would ever love her like her Mom and her Dad.





That evening the nurses had brought in his tray of food. It was turkey and dressing with cranberry relish and green bean almandine. It looked and smelled really good. Later she would wonder if the nurses knew that this would be Daddy’s last meal. She fed him and he ate with gusto. He ate nearly all of his food. He even asked her to sprinkle season salt on the dressing.





Mama used to chastise him that he couldn’t have salt and Robin would silently wonder why? He only had days. She would put a fucking cigarette in his mouth if that’s what he wanted, and give him a bucket of salt to swill down if it would make him happy!





Robin thought that his renewed appetite was surely a sign. It was the first time that he could eat more than three or four bites that entire week. She buttered his dinner roll happily, and he even ate nearly half of that!





Mrs. Monkfort from church had nodded happily. “Your Daddy is fighting for his life. He ain’t going nowhere, Robin. That man is as stubborn as a mule! When he gets something into his head it is there.” Later she would wonder why people try to convince you that the impossible is possible? But in that moment Robin wanted to believe with all of her might that her Daddy was not living his last hours on this earth and that he would go into remission one more time and they’d take him home once again.





The church ladies talked her into sleeping in her own bed that night because the foldout chair was too narrow and uncomfortable and her back was paying the price for the last week of lying in one uncomfortable position.





At home she fell into an exhausted sleep, her body had been hanging on by mere threads. She hadn’t realized just how exhausted she actually was. She went into such a deep sleep that the phone shrilled forever before she realized that she wasn’t just dreaming. And then she glanced at the clock and quickly answered.





Mama said. “Robin, baby. Your Daddy died…”





Robin could not remember that drive to the hospital and the long walk down the hospital corridor until she reached the room where Mama paced angrily. “They didn’t wake me up They let him die while I slept and then that nurse had the nerves to shake my arm and say, I’m sorry Mrs. Mathena but your husband just passed. Why didn’t they wake me up before?!” Mama pointed to the couch. “I was only asleep for twenty minutes Robin…just twenty minutes. Damn! I wanted him to see me.” Tears splashed from Mama’s eyes, frustrated, angry tears. She would not break down and cry, though. And so Robin had just wrung her hands and looked on at her father’s lifeless body; her eyes completely devoid of tears.





Robin sat on the floor with her back against the door and her hand clenched into tight fists. Had her Dad opened his eyes that one last time and looked around for them? Maybe wanting to leave them one last message but no one had been there to witness it; to receive it? Maybe he was afraid, maybe he needed someone to hold his hand and help him to pass, maybe he needed to say ‘I love you’, maybe he just needed to look into the eyes of someone that loved him.





Robin buried her hands into her short hair and she cried. Was that how it had been for Miss Lucille? Had she waited for her to come just one more time? The idea haunted her, that Miss Lucille had wanted her, maybe even asked for her. That she hadn’t said goodbye.





Robin jumped to her feet and rushed to the bathroom. Her stomach tumbled and then vomit erupted from her body, choking her and causing her to lose her breath. She spent many long minutes voiding her body into the porcelain bowl.





When her cell phone shrilled a while later, Robin opened her eyes tiredly. She was leaned over the sink, cold water running into the bowl where she had her fingers dangling. She had splashed her face and it helped some. She thought fleetingly of not answering but thought about Jason becoming worried. She straightened, her stomach sore, either from the vomiting, the IBS or her ulcer. She didn’t know and right now she didn’t care. She moved gingerly back to the living room for her purse.





***





Belinda and Amberly had gone to the school’s production room in order to look at the video that Amberly had filmed at last night’s concert. She had set up a camera without telling anyone and had filmed the entire party with the idea that it would make a great concert DVD to sale. They were going to give it to the boys later when they met to talk to the agent. Amberly and Belinda were hyped about the interest that Wheels of Steel had gotten from a real recording agent. And even though they realized that they were no longer a part of where Jason and Peter were headed, there were still things that they could do to make the trip as successful as possible. And so they were turning what had been filmed into a DVD.





Belinda had been thinking about the drinking that she had done the night before and how foolish she felt about the things that she had said and the way that she had acted. Amberly had told her upon picking her up that she was acting like an out of control infant. Her only response had been a dismissive scowl. But then Amberly had given her a solemn look and said, ‘No one likes a sloppy drunk, especially not Peter.’ She had almost snapped out a hurtful response before she shut her dumb mouth.





She, more than most, could not use drugs and alcohol to hide behind. With a grim shake of her head she apologized. She had suggested that they go kidnap Robin from Jason and spend the day doing some female bonding. She was going to make up for her bad behavior to her newest friend.





But Amberly made a face at the suggestion. “I don’t want to do that.” Belinda gave her a serious look.





“Were you shitting Robin about being friends?”





Amberly continued to look forward at the street as she drove. “No. I just want to work on the DVD, which is the only reason that I came to get your drunk ass, so we can get it finished.” Belinda looked at her a moment longer but didn’t say anything else.





And so they worked most of the morning splicing and editing. The two girls worked well together, knowing just what was needed without having to do much conferring. They were artists in their own rights—as much as Jason and Peter were.





Belinda’s mind roamed as her fingers moved automatically to complete the necessary task and she began to take a mental tally of how much of an asshole she’d been over the last few weeks. With a sigh she picked up her cell phone and dialed Robin’s number. It rang so long that she thought it was about to go to voice mail, then it clicked over with no other sound. Suddenly there was a choking noise.





“Robin?”





After a moment there came a muffled response and she could barely hear what sounded like ‘Who is this?’





“Robin? It’s Belinda. Are you…okay?” She turned away until her back was to Amberly. “Are you and Top doing it…cuz you know that you don’t have to answer the phone if you are actually having sex? Robin?” Belinda thought that she might have dialed the wrong number. There was a gust of breath and then Robin’s soft voice.





“Belinda?” Her voice was totally unrecognizable, it was deep and rough.





“Honey, are you okay?”





Amberly finally looked up from where she had been splicing.





“Not really.” Robin responded softly. Was she crying? Belinda straightened quickly.





“What’s wrong? Are you sick? Is your ulcer bothering you?”





“I’m okay. I’m just tired. My friend died today and I—” Robin said nothing more.



“What’s wrong?” Amberly asked. She momentarily forgot about splicing.





Belinda was shaking her head and frowning. “I don’t know, she’s fucking…”





“Is she with Top?” Amberly exclaimed.





“Is Jason with you?”





“No.” There was suddenly the unmistakable sound of retching and then the phone went dead.





“Is Jason okay?” Amberly asked again, this time she sounded fearful.





“He’s not there. She said her friend died. Robin?!” But of course there was no response. She dialed the number again but there was no answer. She dialed it twice more and when there was still no answer she considered the possibility that Robin could be lying in a puddle of her own bloody vomit. “Come on, Amberly!” Belinda hurried to the door, looking over her shoulder to make sure that Amberly followed.





“I can’t go anywhere with this mess left like this!” She threw Belinda her keys. “Call me!” Belinda had already disappeared out the door after catching the keys and was halfway out the room.





She hurried to Amberly’s car. Unlike her friends she wasn’t loaded with money. A car and insurance cost money that she couldn’t spare. As it is, she was a frequent shopper of the thrift stores for her new wardrobe and her impromptu make-over had put a serious dent into her finances. She was putting herself through college and there would never be a Trust fund set up for her to fall back on.





As she drove Amberly’s car, speeding down the street, she kept ringing Robin’s number. But there was no answer. Maybe she should call Top, or the cops. But instead she kept driving trying to remember which streets she had to use to get to her apartment.





It didn’t take long but felt like years. She hurried up the apartment stairs past people that were sitting out on the stoop who moved out of her way as if she was a charging bull! At Robin’s second floor apartment, Belinda knocked and tried the door but it was locked. She hammered on it knowing that if someone was knocking on her door like this she’d be flushing her stash of pot.





After a moment the door opened and Robin was standing there with her arm around her middle and looking like hell. Belinda’s mouth gaped open. She was the one that had gone on a drunk and Robin looked worse than her.





She squinted at her. “What-? Belinda what are you doing here?”





“You didn’t answer your phone! It doesn’t hurt to pick it up you know!” She snapped.





Robin stepped aside to allow the girl inside thinking, ‘Oh my god with the phone again!’ “Sorry if I was busy puking my guts out.” Belinda wanted to smack her for not answering the phone and causing her to rush over but she was happy that she was relatively ok. She stepped over a bag of smashed muffins and gave Robin a curious look, because…was she actually seeing what she thought she was seeing?? The other girl had shuffled to the couch and was sitting on it gingerly.





For the moment Belinda just stood there staring at her in shock. At the moment she wasn’t concerned about her friend’s possible perforated ulcer. She was more concerned with the bruising that was visible on her body. Belinda cocked her head in disbelief.





“Robin. Who hit you?”





“Huh?” She squinted in confusion, still gingerly rubbing her belly. Belinda stormed over to the couch and got into her face, but she was looking at her neck and not really at her.





“Oh no. Who put their hands around your throat?!” Robin reached up and touched her neck then she stood and went into the bathroom where she stared at herself in the mirror.





There was a bruise developing on her neck and chin, and angry purple marks on her upper arm, the finger prints still very evident even against her brown skin. Robin suddenly seemed to remember her hand and she looked down at it. Gravel was embedded in the heel of her palm and blood had sprouted in areas surrounding them.





Belinda took her wrist and turned on the water again, holding her hand under the flow as she picked out the gravel. She met Robin’s distant eyes once. Belinda recognized that look. Her foster sister Lisa had the same look, and she supposed that she had as well. This time her voice was calm because that is how it had to be in order to stop the rage from taking over. “Who did this?”





“The man at the Eldercare facility where…where my friend died.” Her light colored eyes looked down. Belinda took a deep breath. She felt like breaking something or somebody. But she kept her calm. Now she could see that Robin wasn’t right—not by a long shot, and maybe she had never been in all of the time that they had known each other. Which actually caused Belinda some comfort; because weren’t they all misfits in some way?





“Sweetheart, what happened?” Belinda turned off the water and dried her friend’s hands, watching her intently. She still wasn’t sure if she needed to call the police, or an ambulance. But she knew that she couldn’t push. No one that had fresh bruises on their neck as if they had been choked should ever be pushed to talk.





“Mrs. Babb died.”





“I see. Mrs. Babb?”





Robin lowered her hands. “I used to take care of her before Jason.”





“Ok. I’m sorry. Was she sick?”





Robin nodded slowly.





“Robin. I need you to tell me something. Did someone choke you?”





Robin nodded.





Belinda walked out the room digging into her pants pocket for her cell phone.





Robin’s head swung around. “What are you doing? You’re not calling Jason are you? You can’t tell Jason!” She followed Belinda to the other room.





“No. I’m not calling Jason. I’m calling Chauncy. I’m about to get some boy’s together and we gonna roll on that muther fucker.”





Robin placed her hand on her friend’s wrist. “Belinda. No.” She took a deep breath. “Don’t. Please.” Belinda stared at her but then pressed end and shoved the phone back into her pants.





“Fine.” It took her a moment but she continued. “Why did this man choke you?”





“I guess he was the security guard, or something.”





“Security guard?”





“I don’t know…he might have just been the front desk guy. He didn’t have a gun.”





“Okay, you’re not making sense…but its okay. I think you’re in shock. So…tell me why the front desk guy would choke you?”





“Because I was about to hit the nurse that murdered Mrs. Babb.”





Belinda felt weak. “Should I be calling the police?”





“No. She is hiding behind the fact that Mrs. Babb was old and had pneumonia and was kinda sickly.”





Belinda frowned. “And that wasn’t what caused her to die? I mean…murder is a strong allegation. But that front desk guy still had no right to choke you! I mean…you are a girl!” Robin covered her face again and sighed and started crying softly. Belinda rubbed her shoulders.





“Okay, let’s just sit down.” She led them to the couch. “What’s the name of that place?” Robin told her. “What’s that guy look like?” Robin looked up quickly and shook her head.





“Just…let it go, please.”





“Sure.”





“You’re such a bad liar.”





“I’m not lying.”





“Liar.” Robin said, the hint of a smile finally appearing on her lips.





“I don’t make promises, so how is it a lie?” Both girls smiled. Then they were laughing, maybe a bit too hysterically for Belinda’s liking but it was better than hysterical sobs. Robin got up and got water and then pills. She took them while Belinda made a quick call to Amberly. Robin gave her a quick warning that she better not be calling in Chauncy. Amberly was still working on the DVD and though she seemed relieved that everything was okay she did not seem overly concerned. Once she had determined that Jason was not in any way involved in Robin’s hysterics, then she was fairly blasé about it all.





Well she would not have been had she heard the panic behind her words, is what Belinda told herself. She didn’t mention the bruises. When she was finished with the conversation she gave Robin a grim look. “Look, Robin. Do you want to talk about it?”





Robin shook her head in embarrassment. “I’m okay now.”





It wasn’t okay. Normal people didn’t go all shell shocked because an old sickly lady died. Normal people did not vomit blood and have freaking ulcers that chewed through their guts. Normal people didn’t get manhandled by some asshole and then act calm and…passive. What in the hell was wrong with her?!





Belinda came to a sudden decision and she looked up at the ceiling gathering her courage. She closed her eyes and began talking. “I’m…I’m only telling you this so that you can open up and let me be a true friend to you. You can trust me. So I’m going to just tell you about this.”





She sat down next to Robin on the couch as the girl looked at her curiously. “When we were in the hospital, and your mother was there and she was fighting for you, and being angry for you; I was so envious.”





Robin looked surprised. “She embarrassed me. The things she said that day—it was so mean.”





Belinda was shaking her head. “You have a mom that will say mean shit, and maybe even thoughtless shit because she loves you just that much. Remember that dumbass song that Will Smith made all those years ago; Parent’s Just Don’t Understand? Well it’s not parent’s that don’t understand; it’s kids. If you have someone that gives a shake about you then you have something that I never had.”





Robin looked down. She did know that her mother loved her enough to say things that she should let go. It was hard to be conscious of how thankful she should be when her mother was beating her over the head with the same topic for the millionth time! Still, she understood what Belinda was saying.





Belinda stared at her seeming to read each of her thoughts and a mirthless smile crossed her lips. “I grew up in foster care. I knew I could unseal my records and find out about my birth mother and whether or not I had siblings once I turned eighteen. So…” Belinda shrugged, “When I was a kid I never did things that kids did. I just waited. I waited until I was old enough to find my mother.”





Belinda didn’t ask permission, she dug into her purse for a cigarette. She did, at least, move to the window, opening it as she sat cross legged beneath it. Staring outside, she took a long puff before continuing.





“My foster mother was big; tall like me. Scary, too. I went to live with her when I was ten. She was a widow and had a daughter older than me and I also had a foster sister, Lisa. Lisa is a year younger than me and she went to live there first. She was real quiet,” she looked at Robin briefly, “she kind of reminds me of you. We had to sleep in the basement, not the kind of basement that’s a family room or an extra addition. No, it was just a cement floor, exposed beams and cement block walls. We had cots by the furnace and a chest of drawers that we shared. Not that it mattered, we never had any clothes; just shit from Goodwill, and not much to speak of. Wearing clothes from the Goodwill while you’re in High School pretty much seals your fate as a loser. We had freaking…polyester bellbottoms and she wouldn’t let us wear jeans.”





Belinda stood up and held her hand under the ash of her cigarette. She shook it into the toilet and Robin heard her flush. Robin got up quickly and found her a dish to use as an ashtray and Belinda gave her an appreciative nod. She sat back down on the floor by the window and continued her story.





“We slept in the basement, but on the days when the social worker came by we moved upstairs, so twice a month we got to sleep in the real beds. Of course we didn’t get to watch television, but we did get to listen to the radio so that’s all we did, which, I guess is why I like music so much. We just had to come home from school, do our chores and then go downstairs and do our homework. We weren’t allowed to go into the refrigerator or eat any of her food. She made us dinner and that was it. She had all kinds of food but we couldn’t eat it. And I’m not going to lie to you, sometimes we went to bed with our stomachs growling because we only got a little bit to split between us. Fuck, we were the only kids that liked the tuna surprise at school, and I know that we were the only kids that ate every freaking morsel off our trays.” She took another deep drag from the cigarettes. “The only time she ever hit us is when we got caught stealing food, and that only happened once for the both of us. I won’t go into details but we made sure that we never got whipped again. Also, she did have a creepy brother. I’m not saying I ever got molested while I lived there. But I will say that he gave me and Lisa the eye and if he could have…”





Belinda didn’t look at Robin as she talked. She sounded like she was reading a book instead of talking about the horrors of her life. “She had a daughter, right? And her daughter hated us. I mean, this bitch was in her twenties and she was actually acting like she was jealous of us. We couldn’t stand her. But my foster mother thought her shit didn’t stink. And she was always bragging on her; like she was so great because she got knocked up and married the hillbilly that had impregnated her.”





Belinda frowned slightly. “When I turned 18 she kicked me out. And I ain’t kidding you. I came home from school,” She looked at Robin then, “I got held back once, but it wasn’t my fault. I came home and she had my clothes in a garbage bag along with my drawings. And she wouldn’t even let me say bye to Lisa.” Her frown deepened. “I didn’t really have any friends, I didn’t know where to go. I was kind of dumb in the ways of the world. I just slept in my foster mother’s car that night; she didn’t know. Lisa snuck some food out for me and then I went to the social workers to unseal my records.”





Robin was staring at her friend intently as she revealed the story. She went through a rapid succession of emotions from anger to sadness. “What happened?”





“Well the first thing is that I started getting a check from the state. So that was good.” Belinda smiled a little. “Then I got to find out who my mom was.”





Robin prayed that it would be good; that Belinda’s mother was a secret Princess.





“She looked just like me, Robin. It was like looking in the mirror…I mean, she was old; not chronologically but physically. But we had the same exact face. I never…thought I’d see another person with my face.” She smiled broader. “She had a hard life, though. She was a meth user, her teeth had all rotted out.” She grimaced a little. “But she let me move in with her, so I had a place to stay. Then I found out about my brothers. I have three!” Her smile returned. “Sean is sixteen. David is nine and then there is a little one who is just five. His name is Riley. They are all in foster care. Each one that’s born is taken away and put into foster care to adopt. They were each born addicted to meth and with problems. And I can’t see them and they can’t know anything about me or each other until they turn eighteen. I only have two more years before I can meet Sean and I can’t wait! I just hope that he’s okay, you know? Not like me, but better.” Robin nodded.





“Whatever happened to that foster mother and your foster sister, Lisa? And what about your father?”





Belinda squished out the cigarette. “It didn’t work out too well between me and my mother. I tried to help her get cleaned up but she…well you know. So she would steal my money and one day we got into a fight. I’m bigger than her. Once I got away from my foster mother, I just ate everything and…” For the first time her face seemed sad. “I broke her toe. I didn’t mean to.”





“You broke your mother’s toe?”





“Accidentally. And so she kicked me out. I was already in college so I just crashed with friends for a while. I was down on my luck big time. I went to visit Lisa. Our foster mother had kicked her out too, but she was at least prepared. She lived with her boyfriend. They got married and have a kid. I don’t hear from her anymore.” She was silent. “She doesn’t want to remember stuff. I don’t blame her.”





“My mother told me who my father is. He owns a Laundromat and he’s married and old and he’s got like five daughters. So I actually have a pretty big family that I’ve never even met. I called him one day. It took all of my courage but I did. He said for me not to call him anymore.”





Robin gasped.





“It doesn’t matter. I didn’t have any expectations. So anyway…I was watching the news one day and there was a report that some fucked up woman was sitting on the train tracks and was killed. It turned out that it was my birth mother.”





Robin swallowed past the lump in her throat. She looked at the floor and felt her eyes sting.





“I’m not trying…to make you cry. That’s not the reason I’m telling you this.” Robin nodded quickly but still felt the hot tears in her eyes.





“I um…started visiting my foster mother.”





Robin gave her a sharp look. “Why? After all she did to you and Lisa-”





“Because I love her. She’s the only mother I have.”





Robin frowned. “How…? Is she sorry?”





Belinda nodded adamantly. “Yes. That bitch of a daughter never comes by anymore. I’m the only one that visits her. I…do my chores to help her out because her knees have arthritis so bad that I can hear her walking by the popping in her joints. She’s not even old…but her body is suffering and once she said to me that maybe god is punishing her for all the things she did wrong. Then she explained that some of the things she did in the past, she’s sorry for now.”





Robin only had bitter thoughts about the foster mother. She had been placed in a position to help a child and instead she had abused and neglected them. The tears continued to sprout in her eyes despite her anger.





“Do you still see her?” Robin asked, the anger evident in her voice as she swiped away her tears.





“Yeah, I saw her a few weeks ago. Robin don’t cry, its okay, because I’m okay.”





She wished that she was more like Belinda. She got through the hard stuff by wearing her armor and that was something that Robin envied.





She squeezed her eyes closed. “I keep thinking…that my father opened his eyes and looked around, and that nobody was there.” Robin began to cry. She had no more to say. That was the crux of her anxiety. Belinda got up and walked over to her and put her arms around her letting her cry it out.





Chapter 24





Jason’s father left soon after agreeing to pay for the surgery. At the door he turned and looked at his son.





“Jason.” He sighed. “I just wanted you to know that I realize that I’ve not been the best person; not the best father, not the best husband. I’m not the person that I used to be.” Jason didn’t respond, his expression didn’t even change and his father continued quickly. “When I say that, it is in no way meant to free me of the responsibility for the past. I just wanted you to know that I’m not trying to…pretend that I wasn’t an asshole.”





After a moment of silence, Chase nodded and left. Jason shut and locked the door. He didn’t want to forgive his father just yet. He just didn’t have forgiveness in him for the years that he wanted a father, a man to do things with, take him places, show him that he was ok, despite the fact that he would never run and never catch a football. Instead, he had a father that condemned him for being someone that wasn’t up to the standards of the big ex-football player. Frankly speaking, he didn’t care anymore and therefore it wasn’t necessary for him to forgive the man.





With that done, Jason checked Yahoo Messenger to see if Sweetheart in Hamilton County was logged in; no she wasn’t. He was reluctant to disturb her. She had one day in which to devote to herself because he knew that even Sunday was the day for church and she had both him and her mother to contend with. Besides, if she did manage to free up some spare time, then he’d let her be the one to call him. Instead, he pulled out his wallet and located the card from Mr. J Edelson.





He and Peter had agreed that since the other’s tongue worked much better in articulating, that he would do the talking. Peter and the girl’s were due to come over at five and if Robin hadn’t contacted him by then he would just break down and call her.





***





“Jason is going to freak when he sees your bruises.” Robin was curled on her couch with a mug of hot tea. Her throat was still sore, as well as her stomach, but the medicine was kicking in and it helped. She didn’t want to even think about what Jason would do. She even thought about wearing turtlenecks for the next few days; but eventually he’d see them so…better to face it now then later.





“I need to get Amberly her car back but if you want I can go with you when you tell him about what happened and Peter can swing by and pick her up from school.” Belinda knew what it would take to diffuse Jason and Robin would not know how to deal with the rage that she was sure to face. Belinda knew rage and she particularly knew Jason’s rage.





With a sigh Robin stood. “No. You guys come over at five. I’ll do this now.”





Belinda nodded and walked slowly to the door. “Are you going to be okay?”





She offered her a weak smile. “I’m okay. It’s just that I don’t know where that anger came from.” The way she blew up at the Elder care facility had scared her. She’d never done anything like that before. It was as if she’d unleashed every pent up, repressed emotion that she’d ever had and directed it at that woman. She shivered. That the man had stopped her before she’d done something more than just threaten her was probably a good thing.





She gave Belinda a hug even though the bigger girl didn’t seem like the hugging type. But she was wrong. Belinda held on to her tightly and Robin was the first to break contact. “Thank you for coming.”





Belinda shrugged and left.





Robin showered. The bruises didn’t hurt until she looked at them and they were ugly. She pulled on a leather jacket over her shirt and jeans and then headed out the door with an overnight bag containing her church clothes. On her way out of the building she picked up the mail and saw a letter from Pinnacle. She opened it on the way to the car and then tossed it on the seat bitterly.





…WE REGRET TO INFORM YOU THAT MRS. LUCILLE BABBS PASSED AWAY…





Robin used her key to let herself in and Jason looked up in pleasure from his studio. He wheeled over to her.





“Hi, babe.” He reached for her hand and tugged her down to his level for a kiss. She smiled.





“Hi.” She leaned forward and gave him a quick kiss without sitting on his lap. She frowned. “Jason. I just got some bad news. Miss Lucille passed away.”





His face crumpled. “Come here babe.” She sat on his lap and he held her close. “I’m so sorry. Oh babe, why didn’t you call me?” her arms were around his neck and she hugged him close. It felt so good to be in his arms. She closed her eyes and felt fresh tears prickling them. Why hadn’t she come here first instead of freaking out at home? She could have been in his soothing arms all of this time.





Jason held her, rubbing her back and speaking soothing words to her.





“I got sick.” She mumbled into his neck.





Jason frowned. “What’s wrong with your voice?” She still had her arms wrapped tightly around his neck. She finally loosened her grip and pulled back from him to look into his eyes. He watched her curiously and then his eyes rested on the bruises on her neck and the side of her chin. She saw his eyes change in just one instant.





His face began to redden and he silently met her eyes. She didn’t think that he could find his voice so she just began talking.





“I went to go visit Miss Lucille and when I found out that she had died…I lost it. I went…crazy on the nurse. I was going to attack her and the guy at the front desk stopped me and tossed me out.”





“A man put this bruise on you?”





She nodded slowly. And then she pulled off her leather jacket and his eyes rested on the bruise on her upper arm. She felt his grip tighten on her waist. “Are you okay?” His voice was calm despite the tight expression on his face.





“Yes.”





“Tell me again, but this time tell me exactly how he touched you.” She sighed, not wanting to do this, but she did. She explained the exchange word for word and the actions blow by blow. Jason was looking at her in amazement.





“You said that?” His thumb rubbed the flesh of her wrist where he was holding her hands.





“I don’t know where that came from, that’s not like me!”





“Do you think that nurse really did murder Miss Lucille?”





Robin let out a long breath. “Probably not. But she…someone could have made her life better.”





Jason’s hands tightened on her hands. “You did, Sweetheart. You did that for her. From what I hear, you changed her, brought her out of her own fantasy world. Isn’t the time you gave her up until her death the most important?”





Robin absorbed his words. “What if she wanted me? What if she called for me?”





Jason hugged her. “You can’t beat yourself up over that.”





“But if I could have just…”





“What? Said goodbye? Had one more day?”





Robin nodded. Jason gave her a grim look. “It still wouldn’t be enough.” She closed her eyes and nodded in agreement. She felt his fingers lightly on her bruised flesh and she opened her eyes. “I’m sorry that I wasn’t there with you, Robin.”





“You’re with me now and that’s the most important part.” She suppressed a yawn, the medicine, the emotions and now the relief that telling Jason had gone smoother then she could have expected worked on her nerves and she felt exhaustion weighing down her body.





Jason wheeled them into the bedroom. “The gang is coming over at about five.” That would give her about two hours to nap. “Sweetheart, I want you to get some rest.” She nodded and climbed from his lap to the bed. He held onto her hand for a while, kissing her knuckles as her eyes closed. And then when she was breathing evenly Jason released her and wheeled from the room. He put on some chill music in case she woke up…or maybe to help her as she slept, then he wheeled into the kitchen and pulled out his cell phone. Jason looked at his phone for a long time and then he called his mother.





***





Joyce Hamilton was in a funk. Chase had called her to inform her that he was giving Jason the money for the surgery. She ripped him a new asshole but he had held firm to his decision.





“You need to second guess me now? After all of these fucking years of me doing this by myself, now you want to man-up and make decisions?! Thanks for your support, Chase. Whenever it’s something important you know exactly how to drop the ball.” She’d hung up the phone and called him an asshole at the top of her lungs. Now she was sitting at her favorite pub drinking rum and coke and smoking a cigarette.





What do you do when your kid tells you to fuck off? And all of your life has revolved around that kid? She never thought the day would actually come when Jason would ever be able to actually say the words. Yes he had his tantrums and did things to spite her. But in the end a mother couldn’t want for a better son. Jason was smart, fearless, and he loved her. She felt tears prick her eyes. She swiped them away before anyone could see and then her phone rang. Her heart leaped at the familiar ring tone. Jason had programmed it to ring Purple Haze.





She answered it quickly. “Jason?” He wouldn’t be calling her this soon unless something was wrong. Mother’s had a sixth sense—especially when it came to their only child. “What’s wrong?”





“Mom…can I talk to you?” He sounded like he had at the age of nine when some asshole had done something to him that he couldn’t work through. Her heart sank as low as a mother’s heart could sink.





“What happened?”





“Robin.”





“Did you two break up?” Fuck! She hoped not, because then it could very well be her fault. Or maybe they were just fighting. Hopefully they were just fighting.





“No. I just don’t know what I’m supposed to do.” She relaxed. They were fighting. Jason continued. “I don’t know how I’m supposed to be a man. How am I supposed to be a man if I…”





“Jason? If what?”





“If I can’t support her with anything other than Dad’s money, if I can’t defend her, if I can’t take her to a freaking restaurant without people looking at me like I’m on leave from a home for the disabled! Or that she’s my overworked caregiver! I want to do this! But I don’t know what the hell I’m doing, Mom!”





“Jason, what happened? Because last time I talked to you, you were all about being a man and forging ahead without me. What happened since then?”





He surprised her by chuckling. “My girlfriend came over with bruises all over her because some security guard decided to manhandle her because she lost it when she found out that her old patient died. She came over here and there was nothing I could do. I can’t even jump in my car and drive over there and get to the bottom of it. I can’t wait for him to come out of work tonight so that I can be waiting in the bushes to fuck him up.” Jason expelled an amused voice. “The only thing I did was hold her while she cried.”





It was quiet on the other end. For a moment Jason wondered if his mother had even heard him. Then she spoke. “When I discovered that you were being abused at home…” She sighed. “What was the thing that I did for you that you valued the most? Was it when I filed charges against the woman? Because she didn’t even serve any jail time. Was it when I threatened to break her fucking neck? Or was it when I held you in my arms and told you that it was going to be okay?”





Jason frowned. He remembered being afraid for his mother; that she would do something that would result in her being thrown into jail. The fear of losing her was worth keeping it all a secret. But then he was so relieved when she picked him up and placed him on her lap and held him. They stayed like that for hours. He remembered feeling very safe.





“I…I gotta go, Mom.”





“Jason. When it comes down to it, what a woman really wants is someone who can kiss away her tears.” Jason hesitated.





“I…I’m sorry Dad didn’t do that for you.”





“I am, too.”





Jason thought fleetingly of Raymond but couldn’t broach that right now. “I’m sorry…for everything. I don’t want you out of my life even if you piss me off.” She smiled grimly.





“I know, son. I won’t ever kick you out of my life. I’ll leave you to do that…and then to come to your senses.”





He nodded. “Okay. I love you, Mom.”





“Did what I say help?”





“Yes. Because I don’t think Robin has anyone to kiss away her tears if I don’t do it.”





She smiled. “And you think that you don’t know how to be a man…”





***





Belinda and Amberly arrived first, just after 4:30. Once Belinda had explained about Robin’s bruising the smaller girl was anxious to get there in case Jason had gone ballistic. But when he opened the door he was calm and collected, soothing chill music was playing softly and he gave them a crooked smile in greeting.





“Um…” Was Amberly’s response. The girls entered and Jason told them to relax because Link hadn’t arrived yet.





“Robin’s resting. I don’t want to wake her yet.”





Belinda watched him steadily. Yeah he knew. And he was okay. He evidently hadn’t broken anything or anyone. She and Amberly exchanged relieved breaths without saying anything about what they knew. When Peter arrived a few minutes later he was surprisingly calm considering that this is what he had been working so hard for.





They all grinned at each other like goofy kids. And even though their personal relationships had taken a beating over the last few weeks, none of that mattered at this very second.





“What in the hell am I supposed to say?” Link asked with a huge smile.





They all laughed at that.





“You of all people ask that?” Jason said. Both of Link’s parent’s were attorneys. He was the most business minded of any of them. “Just don’t agree to anything until we discuss it with your parents.”





“Agreed.” Jason handed Link the card and he used Jason’s home phone and put it on speaker.





“Hello.” Came the cultured voice of Mr. J. Edelson.





“Mr. Edelson, this is Peter Warrant and Jason Hamilton of Wheels of Steel. You gave us your card and invited us to call you.”





“Of course. I listened to the CD earlier today. Excellent!” Jason grinned at the others. “But I wasn’t expecting your call until Monday, what a pleasant surprise.”





“We weren’t sure when we should call.” Jason said and Link punched him in the arm. He scowled and rubbed his bicep.





“It’s quite alright. As I indicated, I represent Akita Tom. I’m not sure if you’re aware of this but your music is accessible in Europe. Your More Love is in heavy rotation in many underground clubs as well as several other mixes created by you and Mr. Hamilton-”





“Please feel free to call us Top and Link.”





“Certainly. You both are very talented. What I wondered is if you would be interested in creating a mix with Akita Tom?”





Amberly couldn’t help it, she made a small squeak and Belinda had to cover her own mouth to keep herself from screaming.





Robin suddenly appeared. She moved towards them in her stocking feet looking at them curiously. Her face was puffy from either sleep or from her earlier crying jag. Jason quickly gestured her over to him and she settled onto his lap quietly.





“You want to know if we would be interested in making a mix with Akita Tom?” Peter repeated. His voice had gone up an octave but at least he was able to keep the tremble from being heard.





“Yes. What we propose is that you work from your studio and Akita Tom works from his in Japan, with an audio and visual hookup that would allow you instant connectivity. We, of course, would loan you the necessary equipment and make sure that it is properly set up. If this sounds like something that you might be interested in then we can talk contracts, and of course, compensation.”





Jason and Peter stared at each other. They both nodded at the same time. “That sounds like something we’d be interested in.” The conversation moved quickly from there. Mr. Edelson said that he’d fax a contract to Peter’s mom and dad’s house. He mentioned a no royalty, direct sell of the rights to the one song with an option for others that would include royalties. That was the deal clincher for Peter.





Once they hung up, everyone cheered happily. They were talking over each other and speculating about how it would be to work with Akita Tom. When Robin stated that she didn’t know anything about his music, everyone rushed in to explain that he was a legend in Japan! He was like J Dilla, here. He worked with other popular artists and recorded under his own name as well.





Jason quickly pulled up Akita Tom music. They had strange names like Mood lounge # 25, and Atmosphere at Second Life 8-2007. She tried to make sense of it.





Peter explained that he recorded under his own name for internet radio. He also had created music within some of the online clubs in the game Second Life. It seemed so strange and confusing to her when they said that some of the people he worked with were star musicians for popular anime shows like Samurai Hokoshu and Gobhi and Goliath. It turned into a huge production to educate Robin on it all.





They spent the evening watching anime, listening to anime music and listening to Internet radio. Whenever they came upon an Akita Tom song they’d cheer merrily. Robin really liked it. His music was very ethereal with Asian influences. It didn’t have the same hip hop feel that Wheels of Steel music encompassed, but there was something very modern about it. And when she saw pictures of him, she saw a nerdy white guy that wore glasses and that appeared to be in his thirties. She didn’t know why she always equated people that created music with being ultra cool…but she was beginning to discover that talent had nothing to do with what was on the outside.





They ordered pizza and it turned into a big party. Even Peter and Belinda put their heads together and were talking quietly to each other. Amberly danced around happily snapping pictures and Robin relaxed enough to put her horrible day behind her and to enjoy her friends. Jason watched her carefully and she seemed okay, but he made sure to keep constant contact with her as much as possible.





The party ended about eleven with Peter giving Belinda a ride home. No one had mentioned the bruising on her neck, and when she and Jason were alone they wordlessly prepared for bed and he finally asked her the question that had been on his mind all evening.





“Still no period?”





She paused in shimmying out of her jeans. “No, still no period.”





“Do we…need to get a pregnancy test?”





She fumbled with her shirt, not removing it, but twisting it nervously in her hands. “Yeah.”





He placed his hands into his hair and Robin’s heart sank. It felt as if it was in the pit of her stomach at the look of misery on his face. Here he was about to make a name for himself and the last thing she wanted was to be a burden.





“I’m sorry-”





He looked up quickly. “There’s nothing to be sorry about.” He moved to take her hand. “Absolutely nothing.” And he meant it. “Do you want to make love?”





She nodded. “I need to make love.” She didn’t mean that she was aroused. She just needed to be close to him.





He nodded. “I need you, too.”





She crouched before him and using the technique to get him on his feet, she helped him to stand. He cupped her face suddenly and kissed her, his tongue slipping between her lips. The bed was directly behind her and she gently fell backwards allowing him to fall on top of her. He braced himself so as not to squash her and then he kissed her again, his hands moving quickly over her breasts. He pushed up her shirt and clutched at her breasts again, squeezing them through her bra. His hands quickly tugged at the thin material, lifting it until her breasts fell from the cups.





Robin squirmed out of her shirt and pulled her bra quickly over her head. Jason watched for a few moments before he quickly pulled off his own shirt. The couple moved fast; Robin slid up the bed until she reached the drawer that had the condoms. They were down to the last two and she showed him the packages. He blinked and then lowered his head to her perfectly formed breasts. His mouth worked over one nipple while his fingers gently rolled the other.





Robin gripped his head, her fists in his hair and she held him there at her breasts while he lapped and sucked. When her stomach began to hitch and roll with pent-up desire, she reached into his pants and gripped his very hard cock. Jason quickly helped squirm his way out of his pants and together they rolled the condom down his shaft.





She spread her legs waiting for him to nuzzle there between them but he surprised her by pushing her over onto her belly. She felt his body on top of her, molding to her back. He ran his fingers along her crease, collecting her natural lubricant. His fingers continued its explorations until he was caressing the opening at her anus before he eventually moved downward to dip into her canal.





Robin gasped and then Jason was gripping himself, guiding the head into her pussy from behind. Robin arched her back, loving the way his body felt covering her and then his hips began to pump against her rear, his cock going in and out of her slowly at first. She clutched the pillow to her, lifting her hips off the bed so that she could meet his thrusts.





“Oh I love when you do that…” She groaned when he kissed between her shoulder blades. He ran kisses along her back and neck as he quickened his pace. In her mind, with the feel of him stretching her, Robin felt that they were one. She imagined that Jason had built a place within her body that now belonged only to him. With eyes closed she reveled in the feel of his touch, the feel of his lips and tongue as they traced across her hot skin. He squeezed her ass and she heard him groan and quicken the speed of his thrusts.





It was true that her body had become accustomed to his girth and length, but there was still a painful friction that she associated with pleasure. And therefore, even though it hurt her, it was pain that she now craved because she knew that it would drive her to a mind blowing orgasm!





She felt his body tighten and Robin knew that he was ready to cum. She released the hold that she held on the impending orgasm until all of her senses were flooded with the need to climax.





Once he felt her muscles seize around him, Jason cried out and while gripping her hips firmly he pumped his semen into the reservoir tip of his condom. One day soon he would fill her belly with his semen but not today.





They lay there like that; his body covering her back for a long while, condom sheathed penis still deep within her. Jason continued to kiss her neck and shoulders while she shivered. But then he became afraid that the condom would slip off so he gently withdrew from her body and Robin got up and deposited it into the garbage.





Afterwards she snuggled in his arms and he kissed her temple. “Are you okay…you know, about Miss Lucille?”





She looked up at him and then nodded. She thought that she was being honest, too. She just felt numb about it. “I’m so happy about Akita Tom.”





He smiled. “Me too.” And then his smiled slipped away. “My Dad is going to pay for the pump.”





“He is? That’s great!”





“Yes.” He hesitated. “He came over and we had a long talk.





Robin watched him closely. “Did you get stuff off your chest?”





“No, but he did. I was just in ‘give me money mode’. It was hard to bite my tongue. But I appreciate the fact that he’s going to pay for it. Oh, and he wants to meet you.”





“Me? Okay…” Robin wanted to meet him, too. She wanted to see this man that had so negatively affected her boyfriend’s life.





“So…should we get the pregnancy test tomorrow after dinner with your Mom?”





“Yes.” She didn’t want to talk about ‘what ifs?’ so she changed the subject. “Are you ready for this dinner?”





He smiled. “The way I feel right now, I’m ready for anything.” Even Robin’s mother couldn’t kill his joy. He just wished that Miss Lucille’s death wasn’t hanging over Robin’s head, not to mention a possible pregnancy. He couldn’t wait for tomorrow to arrive and be over with.





Chapter 25





Again, they met at Mrs. Mathena’s house so that they could all ride to church together. Robin had been sure to wear a knit turtleneck dress, and she applied foundation which is something that she rarely did. Jason indicated that he couldn’t see the bruise and that by next week it would be gone.





When they walked up the stoop she smiled in pleasure. Mama had decorated for Christmas! The Wreath was on the door. Mama hadn’t decorated since Daddy had taken a turn for the worst. Jason grinned at the pretty wreath.





“We should get one of those.” She turned to him and gave him a quick kiss.





“We should.” Robin knocked once and then opened the door. Jason had again used his crutches even though she was against it. But Mama didn’t have a ramp and it was the only way to get into the house.





“Mama? You ready?”





“I’m in the kitchen, finishing up. I’ll be right out!” Jason sniffed. It smelled awesome; home cooking wafting through the air. Robin headed for the Christmas tree. Mama had put it up all by herself. She remembered as a kid how it had always been her and Daddy’s job while mama finished up some piece of work and watched them, giving direction from her seat at the dining room table. Robin smiled as she touched an ornament that she had made in grade school.





Mama came out of the kitchen untying an apron and draping it over the back of a chair. “I was putting finishing touches on dinner. It’s all set and in the warming oven.” She smiled at Jason giving him and up and down look.





“Jason, hello. Do you want anything to drink before we leave?”





“Hi Mrs. Mathena. No thank you. Your tree is beautiful, by the way.”





“Thank you.”





Robin came over and gave her a big hug and kiss. “It is beautiful.”





Robin drove since the wheelchair was already loaded in her trunk. And Jason had a seizure on the way to church. Betty was sitting in the back since Jason couldn’t and as they drove and talked he suddenly began to stutter. Robin began talking softly to him, asking him if he was going to have a seizure. He barked out his response in a rush of air and Robin had told him not to fight it.





She pulled the car to the side of the road and placed her hands on his cheeks. From her position in the back seat Betty could see the boy’s eyes roll up to the top of his head. He made repetitive grunting noises while his body stretched and strained.





“He’s turning blue, Robin!” She exclaimed. He strained so hard that it appeared he would pop a vein!





“Yes, Mommy. It’s okay.” She said gently. She rubbed his face lovingly while Betty swallowed back her alarm. Robin knew what she was doing. She was touching his face and speaking softly to him and soon his body relaxed and the color re-appeared to his skin.





Betty didn’t realize that she had been holding her breath along with him until she sucked in a relieved breath.





“How often…does this happen?” She asked





“A couple times a day. Some days it doesn’t happen at all, some days it’s more.” Her eyes were still on Jason, stroking his long hair. Betty reached up and gave his shoulder a gentle squeeze. It had been so horrible.





“Does it…hurt him?”





Jason yawned into his fist and then his eyes slowly opened. “No, ma’ame. It doesn’t hurt me at all…unless I hit my head or bite my tongue, something like that.”





Betty sat back in her seat watching as Robin got settled back in her seat and resumed driving. They held hands and Betty watched silently trying to find a place in her mind for all of this.





“Everyday?” She said, seemingly from nowhere.”





“Pretty much,” he responded. She noted that he didn’t even look or sound much different than a ‘normal’ person now that he’d had the seizure. For the remainder of the ride Jason talked to Betty about seizures and how his cerebral palsy affected him and he confirmed that there was no cure only treatment.





“Isn’t there medicine to stop your seizures?”





“Yes, Ma’ame. There are a lot of options to stop them. But the medication gives me side effects that I’d rather not have.” He turned in his seat to see her. “And…I think that I’m supposed to have the seizures.” He didn’t know if she would understand that and if she didn’t he would never try to explain it to her again. It was all a feeling he had; like not having the seizure left him feeling as if he was only half alive, half-awake, only half smart.





But with the seizure they seemed to be correcting something. And though there was no medical explanation or proof that this was so, it was how he felt.





Betty nodded. “You move better after. It seems like what you say is right.”





Jason gave her a surprised look.





At church, Betty offered to help Robin with Jason but she had it done very quickly and efficiently. And as they moved towards the entrance several people greeted him and let him know that they were happy that he had returned. Jason could clearly see the sincerity in their words and had to wonder why he had never joined a church before. This place made him feel as if they were his family.





Pastor Sims gave a sermon on the Holiday season and finding the true meaning of god. Jason thought that his words were very true. He never thought of god but just that Christmas meant going out and buying presents for his friends and of course, receiving them. If he thought about god maybe he only thought of it in that giving was a god-like thing to do. He didn’t know.





When it came time to testify, the older lady from last week got up and again proclaimed that times were hard and that her son wasn’t doing financially well but that she felt just fine because she had god. Jason smiled and Robin squeezed his hand. They all sat together in Robin and Betty’s usual pew, though Jason had to be on the aisle because of his wheelchair.





At the end of the service Pastor announced that if anyone would like to join the church then to come down and meet with him. Jason glanced at Robin and Betty who both encouraged him with smiles. He moved down the aisle to the front of the church where he was joined by two other people.





While Jason did that, and the rest of the congregation fellowshipped, Robin stopped her mother. “Mama, thank you.”





“For what?”





“For…I don’t know.”





Betty smiled. “You’re quite welcomed.”





Robin sat there for a moment while Betty visited, and she said a small prayer for Miss Lucille’s safe journey. Then she felt a lot better and she met Jason outside of the Pastor’s office. He was holding a folder and a starter bible.





“Are you going to attend bible classes?”





“Nah. But Pastor Sims gave me some stuff to look at.” They’d had a good conversation and Jason told him about his seizures and how it might happen during the sermon but he didn’t seem to care at all.





After church, it seemed that every member of the congregation congratulated him on joining and introduced themselves by name. And when they headed for the car and people said bye Jason, nice seeing you again Jason, see you next week Jason he felt that everyone knew him but he didn’t know them. Of course he was easily recognizable.





On the ride back to Betty’s house Robin announced that she had said a prayer for Miss Lucille. Betty had expressed genuine sadness and didn’t say the predictable—‘she’s in god’s hands’ or ‘at least there is no more pain.’ She just said that she was sorry to hear that. Robin wondered what had caused her mother’s change in attitude.





Betty had experienced an epiphany.





When she had sat in the hospital waiting to hear the results of Robin’s biopsy, she felt sure that god had meant to take away her baby as he had taken away her husband. She decided that she could no longer put off until tomorrow what needed to be done today. She needed to be the mother that she had never been; supportive.





‘Keep my child safe and I will be a better person.’ She had made that promise to god and now she was upholding her end of the bargain. And it wasn’t very hard to do. Now that her mind wasn’t clouded with hate she could see things in a way that she had not allowed herself to see them previously. Robin was more than capable at the job that she had chosen for herself. And Jason was not the monster that she had made him out to be in her mind. She still didn’t know if she liked him, but she liked things about him; like the fact that he seemed to adore her daughter.





As soon as they entered the house, Robin put on the Motown soul Christmas album while Betty brought dinner out to the dining room. The table was already set up in a festive way that was picture perfect and Robin felt that Daddy was right there with them.





As they got seated and Jason wheeled to his position he paused and cocked his head to the side, listening to the music from the stereo. “This is my favorite version of The Little Drummerboy, by the Temptations.”





Betty gave him a surprised look. “The Temptations? You know about the Temptations?”





“Yes Ma’ame. I love the Temptations. I think they are the one group that made Soul music into something that could rival pop and rock.”





“Mama, ask Jason a question about music. He is amazing when it comes to music trivia!”





Betty had just passed a bowl of fried corn to Robin and she paused. “Okay, since we’re talking about the Temptations, name the five members of the group.”





Jason grinned. “They had more than five members, but it’s true that they never had more than five at one time. But they always had Otis Williams and they still do. Eddie Kendricks, Dennis Edwards, David Ruffin are the names people know the most. But there was also a guy named Al Bryant that helped start the group along with Melvin Franklin. There was also-”





“Oh you’re good!” Betty said in amazement. Robin had placed a good helping of food onto his plate; meatloaf, mashed potatoes, corn muffins, fried cabbage and onions and candied sweet potatoes. He was anxious to eat but no one had moved to pick up their utensils.





“How do you know so much about soul music?” She asked as Robin tucked his napkin under his chin.





“I make music. I use a lot of soul, R&B and hiphop to make my beats. And when I find something I like I research it so that I can understand it and maybe find more of it.”





Betty nodded her head and then she brought her hands up and clasped them in silent prayer. Robin did the same thing (though he had never seen her do it before—maybe Sunday was a special day for them to pray over their food). Jason mimicked them and thanked god for Robin.





Betty began talking as if she hadn’t just paused in prayer but this time she began to eat. So Jason picked up his spoon and though he was anxious to feed his empty stomach he put a small amount of meatloaf into his mouth and every bit stayed right there. He chewed happily.





“Robin mentioned that you made music-”





“Mom, Jason and his partner are going to sign a contract to create a song with this popular musician in Japan!”





Betty looked at him in surprise. “You sound very talented. I’d love to hear some of your music.”





“Yes Ma’ame. It’s on YouTube. If you have a computer I can play it for you after dinner.”





The food was so good that Jason had two helpings of everything except the corn (which he choked on). He’d never had cabbage that tasted as good, or meatloaf that didn’t fall apart and was still tender and juicy.





After dinner Jason navigated to Youtube on Betty’s desktop computer. She had nice stereo speakers so Jason knew that she would get the optimum musical experience. He played Love’s End, taking a moment to read the positive feedback before hitting play.





“This is a song that I did with your daughter. She’s on vocals.”





As soon as the music began to play, Betty’s face seemed to pale, her eyes got big and then she was looking at Robin and Jason in total amazement.





“Oh my…GOD! Are you saying that you made that song?” Robin covered her smile.





Jason nodded at her enthusiastic response. “Yes Ma’ame…well with the help of Robin.” She made Jason promise to create a playlist for her to listen to and he promised to make her a cd. Robin noted that Betty looked at him now, as if she actually admired him. She watched the two of them proudly as Jason went through Mama’s old album collection, oohing and ahhing and asking if she’d play some old song.





Betty watched him carefully to see if he was pulling her leg when he asked to listen to an old Bill Withers tune that no one ever bothered to listen to. But his head tilted to the side and his eyes closed and then they popped open.





“I want to bring my recorder next time and use that beat.” He exclaimed.





“You can just borrow it, Jason.” She responded.





He gasped. “Really?” His voice was a squeak. “I promise not to let anything happen to it!”





Betty smiled. He was really sweet. “Jason if you see any albums that you’d like to borrow then feel free. You know I have several boxes of 45’s in the attic if you’d like to look through them sometime.”





Jason’s eyes were practically bulging from his head. He could not even find his voice. He just nodded quickly. Betty sat cross legged on her hardwood floor with albums before her. She and Jason talked animatedly about a particular song and then Robin would be instructed to play a particular track. Sometimes they didn’t get through that track before one of them would discover another song that they wanted played. Robin went back and forth playing song after song for over an hour. And then she disappeared in the bathroom and Betty took over.





They listened to lots of Stevie Wonder, some LTD, Earth Wind & Fire, but when they got to Bootsy Collins Jason hugged the album to his chest and they listened to track after track.





“This is the album I tried to mimic when I was a kid.” He explained. Betty had removed her shoes and had poured herself a glass of wine. She was bobbing her head to the beat of Munchies For Your Love.





“I am not surprised that you know about funk music.” Bootsy Collins was from Cincinnati and most Cincinnatians knew his music. “My…my husband and I attended the opening of his restaurant.” She looked down and then finished her wine. Jason felt bad that she was suddenly sad. She knew and loved music and was fun to talk to.





Robin came out of the bathroom while Bootsy continued to play on the turntable. “We better get going. It’s almost six.” Betty stood up and collected the albums that Jason wanted to borrow and handed them to him.





He was all smiles. “Thank you Mrs. Mathena.”





She followed them to the car, pulling on a shawl against the cool weather.





“Mrs. Mathena, I know that you and Robin have…your special time together after church. I’d like to go to church with you each week but I don’t want to intrude on your special time-”





“It’s just so that we can get caught up.” Betty said. “And nothing much changes from week to week. So basically we eat and talk and that’s it. You are more than welcome to join us, Jason.”





He nodded gratefully. He thought that he might even enjoy it. He had certainly enjoyed this dinner. Robin gave her mother a goodbye kiss and Jason was surprised when she kissed him lightly on the cheek. After that, Jason did not even remember that he had ever disliked Robin’s mother.





They drove, neither mentioning the dramatic change in Robin’s mother, just happy that it had occurred.





“Robin, does your mother smoke weed?”





“What?! No! Why would you ask that?” He narrowed his eyes at her but didn’t speak. “No…she just likes the music from the 70’s.”





He smirked. She was so naïve. Anyways, it seemed like Mrs. Mathena had smoked something today…





Robin pulled into the Walgreens drugstore and a splash of reality hit him. She gave him a strange smile.





“I’ll be back honey. I’m not going for the pregnancy test but for feminine products. I got my period at Mom’s house.”





“Thank you Jesus!” He screamed. “I mean…that’s real good, babe. I’m happy. Really freaking happy!”





She chuckled. “How scared were you?”





“From one to ten…I was at about an eight.”





“Really? You didn’t show it.”





“I tried not to. Don’t get me wrong, if we have a kid I’ll be very happy.” He leaned towards her and kissed her lightly. “But I hope when that happens, that I’ll be married to you.”





Robin felt light-headed and ready to faint. “Jason Lane Hamilton…I’m going to pretend that I didn’t hear that. If you’re going to ask me to marry you then you do it with a ring.”





When…not if, is what he thought. But he kissed her again. Now that he could see his life heading in a direction where he made his own money and did not need to depend on the sperm donor’s funds then he could see himself being a husband and one day a father. Right now, he knew that he wasn’t ready for that. He wasn’t convinced that he could take care of himself let alone Robin—yesterday drove that home.





“Hey.” He said while breaking the kiss. “When you’re getting girl stuff could you get stuff for my stomach? Your Mom’s cabbage is ripping through me.” And to emphasize that statement a low rumble filled the car.





“Eww!”





Robin covered her nose and rolled down the window. She hurried out of the car with Jason calling after her jokingly, “Hey, you’re not going to leave me trapped in this car with my own farts are you?!”





***





She got her items, his stomach medicine and then picked up another box of condoms. They could start the birth control pill soon and the condoms would serve as backup. There would be no more Oops and uh ohs, for them.





She didn’t go home with Jason, she needed to make a call to Bentley Babbs about his mother and she didn’t want to do that with anyone else around in case she needed to cry. She was tired of others seeing her tears.





Back at her apartment, after dropping Jason off at his, she located the card that had his phone number on it. She called it anxiously and his tired voice answered.





“Mr…Dr. Babbs? This is Robin M-”





“Robin! I’m so happy you got my message. I’ve been agonizing on how to contact you. Damn Pinnacle for not giving me your number, but you got the message so that’s all that matters.”





“Yes. I went to visit your Mom…but it was already too late. I’m sorry for your loss Dr. Babbs.”





“Call me Bentley, and thank you Robin. You meant the world to my mother. I appreciate you taking the time with her. It meant everything to her. You are all she ever talked about. I think she would have preferred you as a child then me.” He chuckled.





“She talked about you all of the time. Every day that I saw her she talked about you.”





“She did?”





“Yes.”





There was a brief silence. “Mom left some things for you; just jewelry and trinkets. It would mean a lot to me if you had them.”





“Me? I mean…wouldn’t your children or wife want them?”





“I don’t have any children and my wife and I have been divorced many years.” He didn’t have any kids? It saddened her more. All of the years Miss Lucille spent wishing for the perfect son and family was evident in the stories that she told. “Will you be at the funeral tomorrow? I can give them to you then.”





“Yes, of course.” She thought fleetingly of Jason. “What time?”





“There will be a short wake at one o’clock and Mom had wanted her remains to be cremated.”





“Okay.”





“I’ll give you the things then.”





Something stayed on her mind and she had to ask. “I’m surprised that your Mom wouldn’t want to be buried next to your father.”





“My father? No. My father wasn’t the sort of man that you’d want to sit down and eat with at the dinner table, let alone be buried next to for all of eternity.” Robin nodded, understanding that the stories of revenge that Miss Lucille used to tell her were probably fantasies that she had of things she’d like to do to her own husband. If you could learn from others, Robin learned from Mrs. Lucille Babb to live for today and stop wishing for a tomorrow that may never ever come.





The next day she took Jason to school and followed him for most of the day. But she left him promising to return in time to pick him up. He assured her that he had enough battery power to get him through the rest of the week without having to worry about pesky plugs. And he would carry his computer case and book bag on his lap until she returned. Also if there was an emergency he’d immediately contact one of his friends.





He seemed confident and even laughed when she had doubts about leaving, and yet when she hurried off campus without him, it still felt strange and wrong.





At the funeral home, she noted that there were only a few people present. Bentley spotted her from the other side of the room where he was talking to a man that seemed to be the funeral director. He crossed the room quickly and greeted her happily, shaking her hand.





“Robin. Hello. I’m so happy that you made it. Let me take you to the back office.” She followed and he explained sadly about the limited number of attendees.





“We didn’t have a large family and my mother outlived many of her friends. The ones she didn’t outlive were too ill to attend. Most people you see here are friends and colleagues of mine.”





In the office Bentley took up most of the space. He wasn’t a very big man; tall but slender. But there was a confidence about him that Robin figured came from the fact that he was a doctor. He moved behind the desk and withdrew a jewelry box from one of the drawers.





He handed it to her and Robin blushed. It felt wrong to take it. Sensing this he spoke.





“Mom would have wanted you to have this, Robin.” She accepted it and it was him that moved to lift the lid from the wooden case. Classical music suddenly tinkered from within and she could see the mechanism that rolled causing a simple tune to play. Bentley reached inside and withdrew a velvet case which contained diamond earrings, another which contained a diamond ring and there were other pieces inset into little compartments within the box.





“There were some pearls but those turned up missing years ago.” Not anyone from Pinnacle, he assured her; just a bad housekeeper.





“Bentley, I don’t know what to say. Thank you.”



“I’m happy to do this.”He hesitated. “I wasn’t always sure that I was doing the right thing with Mom. She was diagnosed with emphysema but then she began developing pneumonia on a regular basis. I know that she should have been placed in a facility but she wanted to live at home. And of course I caved.” He frowned. “I do second guess myself. Maybe if I would have placed her in a facility before she had pneumonia this last time I’d have her longer…or maybe I should have let her die at home. I don’t know.”





“What…what were her last days like?”





He sat on the edge of the desk. “She died in her sleep. She had pain medicine and she probably died while she dreamed her vivid dreams.” He smiled grimly.





Her vivid dreams…





The funeral was sad but nice. She clutched the beautiful wooden jewelry case on her lap as she sat next to Bentley in the front pew of the funeral hall. After the short service they exchanged addresses and she hurried out the door to get back to school. On the way Jason sent her a text.





~Babe, not sure if you’re still at the funeral but Link is gonna take us to his parent’s to do contract stuff. I’ll be a few hours. Luv ya.~





She went home instead and changed out of her funeral clothes. She contemplated reading a book, or surfing the net but instead she picked up her cell phone and dialed Belinda’s number. She was intensely curious about whether she and Peter had made up and were back together.





“Hello?”





“Hey Belinda. It’s Robin.”





“Hey. Missed you today at school. Jason said you were at your friend’s funeral. Did it go ok?”





“Yes. It was nice…as far as funerals go.” Robin opened the jewel case and ran her fingers lightly over some of the pieces. “I’m happy it’s over.”





“Go ahead and ask me. You know you’re dying to.”





Robin rolled over onto her back. “Okay, are you and Peter back together?”





“No it was just a bootycall.” She said. The smile fell off Robin’s face.





“Maybe it wasn’t a bootycall. It doesn’t have to be all there is to it, you know.”





“Well my needs haven’t changed. And I didn’t hear him rushing to proclaim us in a relationship.”





“Well…did he say that he loved you?”





“Nope. But he did say that he missed this. Now ‘this’ is up for interpretation. It could mean us fucking. It could mean my pussy or it could mean us together.”





Robin was no longer shocked by her friend’s crude expressions. “Which do you think he meant?”





Belinda seemed to think about it. “All of the above.”





“I still think that you should tell him how you feel.”





“Yeah, that worked so well the last time.”





“Well what are you going to do? Keep being his bootycall?”





“Actually, no. I…” Belinda’s voice grew soft and then she changed the subject. “Where are you? With Top?”





“No. He’s doing contract stuff with Peter. They’ll be doing that for a while.”





“You should come and get me and we’ll go out and eat.”





Robin sat up. “Yeah. We can celebrate me getting my period. I didn’t want to say anything before, but I was so late. Jason and I were freaking.”





There was a long silence and Robin knew that Belinda was all ready to tell her how irresponsible they had been. Her voice sounded very tired when she spoke. “Well at least one of us can celebrate that.”





Robin froze. “Belinda? Are you saying…?”





“Yeah…I wasn’t going to say anything but that segue was too perfect. How could I resist?”





“Are you sure--?”





“I took a pregnancy test, so yeah.” She chuckled. “The family legacy continues with me. Another in the growing list of losers.”





Robin grimaced. “What does Peter say?”





“What? As if I would tell him.”





The implications of that statement rang through Robin. “Belinda, you’re not planning to abort, are you?”





“Well…that was the plan. And no one would have needed to know if not for my need to validate my sense of humor.”





“Belinda this is not funny.”





“I know.” She said solemnly. “I just…don’t know how else to deal with this.”





“First of all you’re not going to just jump to the ideal of abortion. Second I’m coming over to take you out to eat and we’re going to talk until you do know how to deal with it!” Belinda didn’t argue. She gave Robin her address and waited for her in relief.





***





Belinda was sitting on her porch when Robin pulled up to the curb. She lived in a small 2 family house that had seen better days. Belinda bounded down the stairs before she could get out and climbed inside her car.





“Hiya. Drive down two blocks. I’m in walking distance of a great Mexican restaurant.” They drove with Belinda chattering and Robin not able to get in one word. Within just a few minutes they pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant. Belinda continued chattering away but Robin’s loud sigh soon put a stop to it.





“This is a really big decision to make without Peter.” Belinda just opened the door and headed for the restaurant without responding. Robin followed her quickly. “And being pregnant doesn’t make you a loser!” Belinda opened the restaurant door and Robin stopped talking long enough for the hostess to seat them.





“And no matter what Peter says or does…I’ll still be here. You can consider me Auntie Robin. I’ll even babysit whenever you want!”





Belinda finally smiled. “You’re a good friend, Robin. Thank you.” She looked down. “I do need a favor. I need a ride after the…abortion. They won’t let me leave without one.”





Robin just stared at her. “So you’ve already made up your mind about it?”





Belinda didn’t answer because the waitress came. She ordered and after giving the menu a quick glance, Robin did as well. Once the waitress was gone Robin continued.





“What do you really want? Tell yourself even if you can’t tell me or say it out loud. In your heart of hearts what is it that you really want?”





Belinda appeared not to have heard, but Robin knew that she was just taking time to answer the question for herself. The waitress had brought their drinks and salsa and chips before Belinda finally spoke.





“I know you probably don’t believe in abortion-” Robin made a dismissive sound that Belinda found odd coming from someone so soft spoken and nice. Maybe her personality was rubbing off on her new friend.





“I don’t believe or disbelieve in it. Me being a Christian doesn’t mean that I don’t know that people have it done for all kinds of reasons. I’m certainly not going to sit here and judge each and every one of the reasons. I’m not judging you either.”





Belinda watched her intently as she spoke. “If I had to tell Peter it would make it harder for me. Because even if we were together the way I wanted to be, I still wouldn’t have this baby.” Robin frowned in surprise. “I have a plan for myself. I want to make something of myself and I’m willing to work hard to do it. One day I do want to see my face on my child…or Peter’s face, or whoever I’m with. But if I have a baby right now, I wouldn’t be able to finish college. And yeah, before you say it, I could come back. But really, Robin, who really comes back after they have a baby? Having a baby will be everything…and it should be. I just don’t want it to be for me. I still need to do stuff for me before I do them for a baby.” Belinda traced an invisible pattern on the table top. “That sounds fucking selfish. I know it does-”





“You’ve thought about this very hard?”





“Probably not hard enough.” She said honestly. “Because I don’t want to think about it. But it doesn’t mean that I have any doubts.”





Robin didn’t respond immediately. She took the time to digest everything before answering. “And adoption?”





“No. My personal experience with living in some other person’s home makes that an impossibility for me.” She emphasized that statement by an adamant shake of her head. “That’s not going to happen. Besides, when I feel it inside of me, I already know that I won’t…you know. I just got to do this as soon as possible, before the idea of it sets in my head, when it’s just a bunch of cells that doesn’t seem like a person yet.”





Robin rubbed her eyes feeling old and tired. “I’ll come with you.” Nobody should do something like that alone. “But…you are going to have to tell Peter. If you don’t I will.”





Belinda’s eyes flashed fire and her face began to darken but just as quickly her expression calmed and she gave Robin a steady look.



“Do what you do and I’ll do what I do.”





Robin thought about that. “What does that mean?”





“These are your rules, not mine. I’m having the…abortion and you’re going to drive me, and anything else is up to you, Robin.” She gave her a knowing look; knowing that she wouldn’t dare tell Peter.





Chapter 26





Jason and Peter were totally out of their element once the faxed contract came through, so it was a good thing that Peter’s parents were attorneys. Peter’s Dad said that it was a pretty good contract but that he thought that he could make it even better. He faxed back a counter and it was immediately accepted.





They celebrated at a nice downtown Cincinnati restaurant. Jason had always gotten along well with Peter’s parents. They gave Jason all of the credit for turning their son’s downward spiral around after his paralyzing accident.





He excused himself in order to call Robin. Mr. Edelson was working on a studio that they would be able to utilize immediately and they should be able to get started within the next few days.





“Hey Babe.” He had wheeled himself to the alcove by the restroom where he would be able to hear her.





“Jason, hi. Where are you?”





“We went out to eat after signing the contract. Where are you?”





“Oh, well Belinda and I went out to eat. I just dropped her off and I’m back at home.”





“Okay. How was the funeral? Was it bad?”





“No, actually it…it helped, if that makes sense.”





“Closure?”





“Yeah. And Miss Lucille’s son gave me some of her jewelry; really nice pieces too. There are diamonds and opals.”





“Seriously? That was very cool. I can’t stay on because I’m still at the restaurant. But I just wanted to tell you that I love you. I miss you-”





“Aww…I needed that, honey-”





“-and I want you to take your medicine and get some rest so just stay home and I’ll see you tomorrow.”





“Are you sure?”





“Yeah. I’ll be here for a while longer and then Link and I want to fool around with some beats on the studio. Babe, we will probably be very preoccupied in the evenings so feel free to do other things after school. Plus I don’t want you to be bored if it takes up all of my attention.”





“I understand.” She could never be bored listening to the two of them making music. But she figured that they probably didn’t need her hanging around all of the time. She could find things to do some evenings, but she wasn’t going to give up all of them. “I’ll see you in the morning. I love you too—and don’t forget to do your homework! You got that paper due on Thursday and you haven’t even started it.”





Jason chuckled. “Okay, okay. I will start that paper tonight. See you tomorrow.” After hanging up Jason felt that everything that he could ever want in life was within his grasp.





***





The next few days were very hectic. Peter and Link spent each evening working on music and Robin decided to call her mother so that they could go shopping. Robin wanted to wear something special for the Bahamas and not just her old jeans shorts and t-shirts that was her normal summer wardrobe. She was beginning to really look forward to the trip.





“Christmas in the Bahamas; it will be weird not to have snow.” Robin commented as the two sipped hot chocolate at the food court. Packages were surrounding them and Robin felt good being able to pull out cash without having to do a mental calculation in her head of which bill wouldn’t get paid this month.





Betty grinned. “I know, and we’ll be wearing bathing suits right in the middle of winter! Robin you’re going to love the Bahamas!” Betty had been twice, as well as to Hawaii and Jamaica. “You and I are going to swim and eat and shop until we collapse.” Robin grinned at her mother’s enthusiasm. She spent the next few minutes describing the tropical beauty and all of the excursions that she had booked for their ten day trip.





“Mama!” She laughed. “We are going to have time to just relax and chill, right?”





“Oh yeah! We definitely have to spend some time in a hammock, plopped on a beach.” Betty’s smile broadened and her eyes glistened. “Robin, there is no one…other then maybe your Dad, that I’d rather be taking this trip with. And I know that things haven’t always been good, but I want you to know that I’m trying very hard to make that up. God has given us a second chance and I want to appreciate every second that I have with you.”





Robin felt her eyes sting. “I know that you have been working hard and I appreciate how you’ve accepted Jason and how much better you and I get along. It’s been wonderful, Mom.”





Betty took Robin’s hand and squeezed it quickly. “I thought you might cancel on me once you started dating Jason because you wouldn’t be with him on Christmas.”





Robin shook her head adamantly. “No. I wouldn’t do that. I already told Jason about our trip and I’m sure it’s not going to be a problem. He’ll be on winter break until the second week of January so we won’t have to worry about him getting back and forth to school. Besides, mama, he is really working hard on that project with Akita Tom. I don’t think he’ll be missing me all that much.”





She sighed in relief. “Good because I already sent in the final payment and we’re talking about more than two grand, non-refundable.”





“Wow, Mama, do you want me to pay for some of it-?”





“No. This is my present to myself. So you better not even think about buying me a present this year…and don’t think you are going to get one, either!” She laughed but Robin’s smile was slight and almost secretive.





“I know that I already have all of the gifts that I could want for Christmas.”





Betty watched her, thoughtfully. “Jason’s a good person. Do you see him in your future?”





“I can’t imagine him not in my future.” Her heart swelled as she said those words.





Betty continued to watch her, her expression unreadable. “I’ll probably always be concerned about the obstacles that you and he have to face-”





Robin opened her mouth to interject but Betty held up her hand and halted her.





“-but I know that you and Jason will handle it perfectly and if you have problems it’s from everyone else in society.” Robin relaxed at the accuracy of her words. “And my god, that boy knows his music! Honey, if I hadn’t heard him school me on music from my own generation, I would not have believed it myself!” Infact, it was his knowledge of music which sealed the deal for her. Any 19 year old (white or black kid) that could successfully name the members of the Temptation, or that would hug a Bootsy Collin’s album as if it were a rare jewel, could not be bad in her eyes. There was something about Jason that was immediately evident, whether you thought you liked him or not, and that was his unwavering confidence. He practically dared you to prove that he was different than anyone else.





And her daughter had chosen him. And Betty was learning to have faith in her baby.





The next day Robin sat quietly listening to Jason and Peter create very beautiful music. She kept herself busy by reading another vampire novel and interjecting her opinion when asked. Then she went to bed long before Jason and didn’t even wake when he snuggled up against her in the spoon position late in the night.





On Wednesday the studio space was ready for their use. The five friends met Mr. Edelson at an office complex that didn’t seem as if it would have a musical studio within its walls. It even had a receptionist at the first floor entrance, which gave the entire place the feeling of being a dental office. But then Mr. Edelson led them to the fifth floor and after exiting the elevator and travelling down a short hallway, they came to an office that contained three rooms; one was a sitting area, the other was filled with electronic devices, and the last was a very small glass enclosed room that held a microphone. It is where a singer would record.





The best thing is that they would get to meet Akita Tom for the first time, via webcam, but still actually meet someone that was doing exactly what Peter and Jason wanted to do. Peter warned the followers not to say anything creepy, like being his biggest fans or exclaiming their love for him. Robin shrugged inwardly, just happy to be included in the adventure. She wasn’t starstruck by Akita Tom as the others were. She was more overwhelmed at the show of wealth that it took to have a private studio set up as loaner to a group of college students.





Belinda acted comfortable and enthusiastic, as if she hadn’t just had a long conversation with Robin about being pregnant and making plans to abort. Amberly was smiling and jittery and her energy was almost irritating as she kept moving and talking. Jason was big-eyed like a kid in a candy shop. He was the most likely to say something crazy. And Peter was confident and poised, prepared to be the voice of the two.





They were introduced to a young black man that would serve as their technical advisor on the use of the equipment. He also indicated that he could help them mix but the resulting quiet was enough to let him know that his talents in that department would not be needed.





Robin settled on the couch with Amberly and Belinda while Mr. Edelson, Link and Peter sat at a round conference table that had a satellite phone positioned in the center. A camera was set up before them right beside a flat screen television and the techie; whose name was Jay, stood at the ready to begin the feed.





Mr. Edelson’s calm demeanor put the boys at ease, but Robin could plainly see that Jason was nervous. His freckles stood out as a dark contrast on his paler than usual skin. At least his hair was tamed since Robin had pulled it back into a ponytail earlier. Peter was so calm that if not for the constant drumming of his fingers against the hand rest of his wheelchair, no one would have been able to tell that he was nervous.





The phone rang and Mr. Edelson answered by speaker.





“Tom?”





“Yes, I’m here. Can you hear me clearly in Cincinnati?” Akita Tom’s friendly voice asked in a joking manner.





“Loud and clear.” Peter responded. Everyone smiled and seemed to relax.





“Yes, are you ready for the web feed, then?” Mr. Edelson asked.





“I am. Don’t laugh. It’s just after 6 am here and I’m still in jammies.”





The girl’s smiles broadened. Robin knew that she would like this man. Jay began the feed and the 32 inch plasma screen came to life. After a short moment where just a blue screen was visible, Akita Tom’s face appeared. He was surprisingly normal. He was a thirty-something white man, thin and nerdy in a youthful Bill Gates sort of way. He was indeed wearing a silk robe over a jersey. His short dark hair was a bit unruly and he hadn’t yet shaved. But his smile was broad and his eyes clear.





“An entourage!” He commented and every one chuckled. “Is this the entire Wheels of Steel group?”





“Yes.” Peter gestured to make introductions but Akita Tom interrupted. “Wait, who is Tramp Stamp?” Amberly’s hand shot up faster than anyone had ever seen her move before. She had never lay claim to that name with more enthusiasm then she had at that moment.





“That’s me! I’m Tramp Stamp!” She said while standing and waving.





“And how such a name ever got stuck on such a pretty girl is a mystery.” He said. She blushed and sat back down. “And who is Patty?”





Belinda came to her feet grinning and nibbling on her lower lip nervously.





“Damn, no one said that you had a member of your band that looked like the singer Pink. Jesus…” Belinda blushed and shook her head in denial. “You know that us nerdy guys really go for the tough girls that don’t take any shit.”





“That’s about right.” Peter confirmed while Jason shook his head in agreement.





“And who is the other lovely lady there?” Robin felt hot and cold chills course through her body. Jason smiled proudly.





“That’s my girlfriend.”





“Are you serious? You guys already got it like that? Why the hell do you need to break into the music biz? When I was your age I aspired to be just where you are now; girls in my band and a gorgeous girlfriend.” His tone was only partially kidding. Everyone could tell that he wasn’t shining them on, he really admired them for what they had already achieved. Peter took on a very thoughtful look.





“It’s good, Mr. Tom. But we’re hungry for more.”





“Just Tom, or Akita. I hear you. Look, you guys don’t know this but I’m a pretty big fan of your music. I’ve been following you for a while.” Jason and Peter exchanged surprised looks. “Anyone with a studio can create mixes, reproduce songs, but you have taken it to a different level. You’ve already achieved a cult status outside of the states and…most likely within the states. They really like you here in Japan. I’m going to get you feeds to International YouTube so you can see what I’m talking about.”





Jason’s heart was thudding in his chest. He knew that they were good…better than good, even. But he had no idea that they had a following like what Akita Tom was hinting at. Everyone sat there in quiet amazement as Akita Tom continued speaking.





“My music has a very big Asian influence…which is something that I’m very much in to. But your music is very…hard. Your use of hiphop, soul and R&B is something that I just can’t get the knack of. It’s what people want to hear. I want to merge our sounds and see what we come up with.”





“That sounds great…Tom.” Peter said while enthusiastically nodding his head. “Top and I have been messing around with a lot of things.”





“I want to hear it. I’m anxious to mess around with beats.” He paused. “Top? You have cerebral palsy? How does it impact your music?”





Everyone got quiet as Jason thought about the question. “It impacts it in both a positive and a negative way. Because of CP I found a life within music before I ever knew how to be social.” Akita smiled gently. “But because of CP I don’t have the muscle control necessary to be a musician that can play piano or guitar. But I found control within the studio…I can make it do what I need it to do. Making music this way…gave me a life.” He blushed but Akita Tom gave him an encouraging nod of his head.





“I was…a painfully shy boy. I made music for my own pleasure at first, and it was my only friend for a long time. But when people became enthusiastic about it, I learned that my music could be felt by others in just the same way that I felt it. So, music made my life. Peter, I read about your accident. And I’m very sorry about your paralysis.” Akita Tom took a deep breath. “Do you think that you would have become a mixer of music had it not been for your accident?”





Peter shook his head. “I didn’t really have any drive or direction. And it got worse after I lost the use of my legs. But then Jason taught me about making beats and um…” Peter cleared his throat and seemed to become a bit emotional as he looked down at the table. “…the world opened up to me in a different way. It was something that I could control. And…yeah.”





“Well…I think that we are all on the same page. Music is not just a means to make money or garner fame—though it can definitely lead to that. But it is our life’s blood. Do you agree?” The boys nodded. Akita clapped his hands once. “Grand! You boys get into that studio and learn how to use it and we’ll get started tomorrow! For now, I’m going to have breakfast and a cup of coffee. We’ll meet back here same time tomorrow, is that fine?”





Jason and Top agreed. They would head here directly after school each day. Once the video feed ended everyone began talking excitedly. Jay and Mr. Edelson showed them into the studio with the musical equipment allowing them to play around with it as they learned how to use it correctly. Not very surprisingly they picked it up very quickly and were already making new beats inside of an hour! The girls soon became bored and decided to pick up dinner for everyone.





“The boy’s are going to be so popular.” Amberly exclaimed as they climbed into her car so that she could drive them to a deli that served great double decker sandwiches.





“Akita Tom was so cool!” Robin said.





“God, he was flirting with me!” Belinda said. “Do you guys really think that I look like Pink?” She began finger brushing back her short hair.





“Not…really.” Amberly said. “But you do look tough. But in a feminine way!” She added quickly.





“I can see why he thinks you look like Pink.” Robin said honestly.





“You and Peter riding home together tonight?” Amberly asked. Belinda seemed to slink in her seat slightly.





“Yes.”





Robin glanced at her. Didn’t she just say that she didn’t want to just be Peter’s booty-call? Well maybe it was good that they were going home together. Maybe she would tell him about the pregnancy. Robin sure didn’t want to be the one to do it, but she wouldn’t be a part of doing something like that behind Peter’s back. He was her friend, too. She was betting that Belinda would not go through with the abortion.





Amberly and Robin had a disagreement in the restaurant. Amberly wanted to order Jason a double decker bacon and turkey on toast but Robin took one look at the size of the sandwiches and knew that he would just create a huge mess in the studio and wanted to order him a simple ham sandwich with American cheese.





“I know Top likes turkey clubs.” Amberly said, not letting it go even though Robin had already ordered what she wanted him to have.





“It’s not a turkey club, Amberly. It’s a double decker. Big difference.” Robin said trying to hide her annoyance.





“Well I’ll just order one each for me, Mr. Edelson and that guy Jay and if Jason wants one of theirs then they can switch with him.” Robin ignored her and Belinda stared at her, quietly willing her to shut up.





When they returned to the studio, Amberly practically broke her neck to pass out the turkey and bacon double deckers, exclaiming how great they looked. When Jason reached for one Amberly snatched it from him.





“You got ham and cheese.”





Robin sat down in his lap and unwrapped his sandwich. “Here babe. Are you hungry?”





“Starving. Are there chips?”





“Yep.” He accepted the sandwich and took a big bite. She nibbled on her own ham and cheese. Jason pointed out some of the features of the bigger equipment as he chewed. He didn’t seem at all interested in what he was eating, only that he was eating something.





Amberly sat in the corner and for once she was very quiet.





The guys could have stayed in the studio all night but after a while the girls got tired. Peter and Belinda left together, and back at the apartment Jason climbed into bed naked with his dick pointing straight into the air.





Robin ignored it and climbed into bed wearing athletic shorts and a t-shirt. She snuggled against him and closed her eyes.





“Um…how long does a period last?”





She opened her tired eyes and looked at him. “About a week.”





“Damn, a whole week?”





“Give or take.”





“Oh. Well…” He began kissing her neck and rubbing her breast. “We don’t have to wait...”





She pushed his hand away. “Jason…I don’t think so.”





He sighed. “Robin I don’t really care about that kind of stuff. Remember the first time? I wasn’t squeamish about blood.”





“Yeah…but I am. I don’t really want to.”





He tried to mask his disappointment. After a moment he hesitantly spoke again. “You could…give me a blowjob.”





She gave him a tired look. “I’m not in the mood babe. I’m tired and I feel kind of crampy.”





“Aww. Poor baby.” He reached down and began to gently rub her belly. Robin sighed in contentment. But then his hand began to creep between her legs.





“Jason!”





“I’m sorry, I’m just horny.”





With a sigh, Robin tiredly reached for his dick and began to stroke it firmly. Jason’s body quickly tensed and he shuddered in pleasure. She pressed her face against his chest and found his nipple with her tongue. She drew it sharply into her mouth and Jason cried out. He pumped into her fist and came an instant later.





As he spurted all over the sheets, Robin thought tiredly that it would be her that had to get up and clean it.





***





The next day was Thursday. Jason’s project was poorly put together and he knew that he would barely escape a failing grade on it. But his mind had been preoccupied on Akita Tom. He had exams in a week that he hadn’t even begun to study for. And on top of that Robin seemed annoyed that he had dared to ask for a blowjob. What was the big deal? He didn’t care about her period and if she was horny he wouldn’t let her just go around wanting it!





Maybe it was PMS, but that was supposed to be before, not during. Well he would just try not to piss her off. Tomorrow was Friday and he wanted to blow off therapy and the Omicron party except that he knew Robin would be disappointed if he didn’t see Raymond. And he didn’t want to see Raymond. That information that his father had told him still weighed heavy on his mind. What if Raymond was the one that had been telling his mother his secrets; like about him walking? He was so happy that winter break was close.





After school Robin dropped Jason off at the studio but had no intentions of staying around while they worked. It would be their first time making music with Akita Tom and she didn’t want to be a distraction. Belinda seemed to feel the same way, but Amberly didn’t seem to realize this as she made plans to hang out with the guys.





Robin drove home annoyed that Amberly was so blatant with her continued crush on her boyfriend. She had just walked into her apartment when the phone rang. It was Belinda.





“I made the appointment. It’s Saturday. That way neither of us would have to miss classes.”





Robin was silent for a long time before she managed to speak. “But…I thought, I mean, aren’t you and Peter getting along better?”





“Robin, I already explained that this has nothing to do with me and Peter’s relationship. Yeah, being with him feels good. But this is just me…enjoying the time we have together until one of us reverts back to asshole mode.”





“And he still doesn’t know?”





“Nope.”





Robin scratched her forehead. “What time Saturday?”





“Nine am.”





“Where is this place?”





“Not too far from where I live.”





“Well…ok. I’ll be at your place at 8:30.”





“Yeah, that’s fine. Robin, I know that you don’t want to do this, so I really appreciate it.”





“That’s not it, Belinda. I just want you to make the right decision for you AND Peter.”





“Don’t tell him, then. And he’ll never know. And that will be the right decision.”





Robin closed her eyes. “See you at lunch tomorrow.”





Chapter 27





Friday started out bad and got worse. Jason wouldn’t get out of bed and Robin had to threaten to douse him in cold water. He grumbled and snapped at her and she grumbled and snapped back. He had a seizure in the morning, a seizure during class and then another before they left the school.





“That is too many seizures, Jason! Something’s wrong.”





“I’m just tired, Babe. That’s all. I’ll be able to catch up on my sleep this weekend.” They drove to a Bob Evan’s restaurant because Robin insisted that he eat a nutritious meal.





“Oh, I made that CD for your mom while I was in the studio last night. I want you to give it to her Sunday. I’m going to be too busy to go along to church with you two.” She hid a frown and didn’t voice her displeasure. “Oh my god, I can’t believe how fast everything works in a real studio!” He began telling her about the equipment and how great it was to work with Tom. He and Peter referred to Akita Tom as just Tom, now. He described the music that they had come up with and how they just jammed out and everything that they did sounded better than anything he’d ever done before, even their practice beats!





After lunch he finally quieted down. He looked at her. “My Dad told me something weird. Not sure how to take it.” Then he told her what his Dad had said about his mother and Raymond.





“Why would your father lie? It has to be the truth.”





“Why would he do any of the things that he’s done? Because he’s a fucking loser.”





“Are you going to ask Raymond about it?”





“Fuck yeah, I am.”





“And what if he tells you yes?”





Jason didn’t respond.





Once inside the rehab facility, he didn’t hit the lockers to change, but waited for Raymond outside of his office.





“Hey, my man…why aren’t you dressed? How’s your legs?” Ray asked in rapid succession as he greeted the two of them.





Jason slapped his hand as he normally would, but his face held a grim look. Once the door was closed Raymond gave him a serious look. “What’s wrong, Red?”





“Are you fucking my Mom?”





Robin did a face palm, not even able to look at Raymond or Jason. But when Raymond didn’t respond she had no choice but to look.





“What the hell are you talking about, Jason?! Who told you that?”





Jason frowned. “Raymond, please don’t lie to me. Are you…or have you?”





Raymond was shaking his head, he seemed at a loss for words. Finally he looked at the ceiling. “Yeah. I…your mom and I had a BRIEF thing.”





Jason appeared to hyperventilate. “What???” He put his hands on his knees until he could catch his breath. “Why?” He asked in a small voice. “Man, I thought we were friends, Ray.”





“We are, Jason! Dude, I’ve been your friend since you were sixteen years old-”





“Man, is that why she knows all of my secrets?”





“No! It’s not like that-”





“So you never told her anything about me?”





“It’s not like you think-”





“Well, what is it like?!”





Raymond looked miserable. He began to pace. “Your Mom and I met years ago, before I was ever your physical therapist. She was in a CP support group that had come to a conference that was hosted by this facility. It was on therapeutic techniques. Because you used to be able to walk and then you stopped, I became really interested in your case, but she already had a therapist for you and she was happy with her.





“Your Mom was smart, attractive, older and once I got to know her and she got to know me…we had a thing.”





Jason stared at him. “Was she still married to my Dad?”





Raymond paused. “Yes she was. I mean the relationship was essentially over…”





“And he found out about it?”





“He didn’t find out until long after it had ended. By that time I was working with you. She had fired your other therapist and I was glad to take the case. I thought I could help you to walk again! That’s what your Mom really wanted me to do for you…at least initially. She changed her mind later, but I never did!”





Raymond’s expression seemed to appeal to Jason, but Jason didn’t react at all. With a sigh he resumed the story. “Your mom and I were talking about how it would be a bad idea to…start anything again and your father heard enough to put two and two together. He was already broke up with your Mom by that time-”





Jason was shaking his head. “My Dad had stopped coming to see me long before you came around.”





Raymond looked away miserably. “He wasn’t coming to see you, Jason. He was coming to see your Mom.”





Jason contemplated his words. Then he ran his hands through his hair and Robin hated to see him in so much anguish. “Raymond, one last thing, did you tell my Mom that I was walking?”





“No. I never told her your secrets Jason. Your Mom and I were on different pages. I wanted you walking and she wanted you not to bash your brains out in an epileptic fit. She wanted you safe. I don’t blame her for that. The things that I told your Mom had to do with how…you and her got along. I never told your secrets. I only gave her my opinion on how she babied you and didn’t allow you to grow.”





Jason held up his hand to stop him and then he rubbed his face. He took a deep breath and Robin thought for a moment that he was about to seize but he didn’t.





“Raymond, I don’t think I can come see you anymore.”





Raymond looked down and shook his head. “Jason…”





“You’re fired.” Jason wheeled out of the room. Robin couldn’t even look at the therapist as she followed Jason out of the office. He had seemed so calm so the fact that he’d fired his good friend was at odds to his reaction. He didn’t even seem mad. But he did seem hurt.





“Jason, are you okay?”





“Let’s just get out of here.”





He didn’t speak to her as they drove home. There were a million things that she wanted to say; like how much Raymond cared about him, and that he was going into a cast and getting surgery and he needed Raymond more than ever! She wanted to tell him not to throw away his friendship, but she didn’t want to hurt him more then he already was hurting so she just kept quiet.





The concert wasn’t until eleven so that left Peter and Jason plenty of time to work with Tom in the studio. She dropped him off and went home to nap so that she’d be well rested for another college party.





They met the others at the Omicron house and it was sheer madness. There was barely enough room to enter the house, let alone space enough to set up the equipment. No one had fun being jostled around in a hot smelly room and so during a brief intermission the girls informed them that they were leaving. Even Amberly had no desire to stay after being knocked down more than once. Jason assured Robin that he would get a ride home with Peter and would probably crash for most of the day until it was time to head to the studio.





This meant that Saturday looked like it was open for Belinda and Robin to complete their task.





***

Robin had bad nightmares and woke up not remembering them and not the least bit rested. At seven thirty her phone rang and it was Belinda reminding her of their appointment.





“I’ll be there.”





“Okay.” But Belinda didn’t hang up.





“Are you okay?”





“Yeah!” And then the phone went dead.





Robin sat there on the edge of her bed for a five full minutes before she pressed the numbers to Peter’s phone. Earlier she had gone through Jason’s phone for the number. It rang so long that for a minute she thought that she’d messed up by waiting too late and that he wouldn’t answer and then the abortion would actually take place without him knowing. But then the phone picked up and his groggy voice was there.





“H’lo?”





Please god…let this be the right thing to do… “Peter. This is Robin.”





“Robin? What’s wrong?” He suddenly sounded a lot more alert.





“It’s about Belinda.”





“Yeah?”





She paused. “She didn’t want me to tell you this, and maybe she’s right…I don’t know anymore. But something tells me that you should know. Belinda is…going to have an abortion.”





There was no sound for a long time. Robin heard rustling of sheets and then she heard Peter speaking and the sound of a muffled woman’s sleepy response.





Robin covered her face in disappointment. Jesus. Peter was such a dog. She clicked end on the phone and then angrily tossed it on her bed as she went to the bathroom to shower. When she returned from the bathroom the phone was shrilling. Angrily she picked it up.





“Yeah.”





“Robin! Jesus why did you hang up?!”





Robin pressed on the speaker phone and tossed it onto her bed not caring if he could hear her or not. “I hung up because I made a mistake. Belinda knows you better then I apparently gave her credit for.” She said as she angrily dried off. “I thought you really loved her. I thought you were just too stubborn to admit it. But you slept with her one night and you have some stranger in your bed the next!”





“But, I do love Belinda. I do!”





“You have a strange way of showing it.”





“Okay…I know! Just because I don’t want a relationship with one person doesn’t mean that I don’t really care about her. Dude…why didn’t she tell me that she was pregnant?”





Robin pulled on a hoodie. “Why should she?” She picked up the phone. “I gotta go.”





“Where are you going?!”





“I told you. She’s having an abortion and I’m taking her. I did what I said I’d do and that was to tell you. That’s all you deserve, Peter.” She hung up and turned her phone off so that if it rang again it would just go to voice mail.





After pulling on shoes she stepped out into the cold morning air. The clouds blocked the sun. It was an ugly day. When she got to Belinda’s house Belinda was sitting quietly on the rickety porch as she had before. This time when Robin pulled up to the curb she didn’t bound down the stairs in excitement. She climbed into the passenger seat and then buckled up.





“Peter called me.” She mumbled.





“Yeah. I figured he would.”





“Thanks for the heads up.”





Robin resisted the urge to tell her that she wouldn’t have needed the heads up if she had told him herself. Instead she ignored the accusatory tone in her friend’s voice. “Didn’t go well, huh?”





“No. He started yelling and I hung up.”





Robin stopped at the light just in time to see Peter’s van rounding the corner. Belinda cursed. Robin froze.





“This is not going to go well…” Belinda said.





“Maybe you should postpone it…”





“No. Fuck that. Keep driving!” Robin quickly gunned the gas and they shot through the green light. Peter came up behind them, cutting off another car and blowing his horn like a maniac. Robin kept driving nervously as Belinda gave her directions to the nearby clinic. Belinda’s phone began ringing but she ignored it. Robin’s nerves were a wreck. This was going very badly. Finally she turned to her friend at the next light.





“Belinda, just talk to him.”





“No. I made up my mind.”





Belinda directed her around one last bend and then they were entering something that resembled a mini compound. There was a gate manned by a guard who observed them cautiously before opening the gate. He asked their names and then checked a list before allowing them admittance. Meanwhile Peter was behind them and he had at least stopped blowing the horn hoping to follow them inside. But no such luck. The guard shut him out.





Robin parked and as they headed towards the entrance they could hear Peter yelling for Belinda to talk to him.





“We can keep the baby! We don’t have to do this, Belinda!” Robin paused to look at him on the other side of the gate. He was wheeling back and forth as the guard was talking on some type of walkie talkie. Belinda continued to walk as if she couldn’t hear him. “Robin! Tell her not to do it!”





Robin raised her hand to him and nodded her head. He seemed to calm a bit and then Robin hurried after Belinda. At the door they had to go through a metal detector and were patted down. The nurse apologized for the added precautions but indicated that they could not be too careful. She apologized again for the disturbance out front not realizing that they had brought ‘the disturbance’.





Once Belinda registered at the front desk, they were instructed to sit in a crowded yet comfortably decorated waiting room. There were seven other women there. Belinda’s phone rang again and this time she cut it completely off.





Robin watched her, seeing that her face was calm but her body trembled. “Give me your hand.” Belinda gave her a surprised look.





“I’m not very touch feely…”





But Robin’s had stayed open and finally Belinda slowly placed her hand on top. Her palm was sweaty and Robin firmly closed her hand over it. “It’s okay. I’m here.” She spoke to Belinda in the same soothing voice that she used for Jason’s seizures.





“I’m not going to fall apart.” Belinda whispered, though her voice cracked. “I’m doing the right thing for me.”





“You heard what Peter said, right?”





Belinda nodded.





“You can change your mind and he will be there.”





“Hey lady!” Robin’s head jerked around. A young woman was glaring at her from across the room. “Leave her alone! This is her fucking body and she has a right to make her own decisions-”





“MIND YOUR OWN FUCKING BUSINESS!” Belinda snapped loudly. The woman gave her a surprised look. “This is my friend and she’s doing exactly what a friend is supposed to do!” The woman looked away from Belinda’s angry glare and then finally stood up and walked into another waiting area. Belinda squeezed her hand.





“I’m not going to change my mind.”





An abortion happens in a surprisingly short amount of time. After sitting in the waiting room for fifteen minutes the receptionist called Belinda’s number. Names weren’t used at the facility, only numbers. She got up, not appearing the least afraid. But Robin knew that looks were deceiving. After she disappeared Robin looked around at the other women in the room. Some looked hard and tough like Belinda and some looked scared and unsure. No men were in the room. There was one girl that didn’t even look fifteen.





Robin picked up a magazine and leafed through the pages, never stopping long enough to read any of the articles. After that magazine she went through three others, her mind taking stock of the events of her life. Could this have been her? Not sitting in an abortion clinic but pregnant and unsure. Yes, and what if Top wasn’t the supportive boyfriend that he turned out to be, but was really a jerk like Peter? Should she have kept Belinda’s secret? What would Peter do now that he knew?





When she looked at the clock it was over an hour since they had called Belinda back. Should she have tried harder to stop her…what if Peter had been told earlier and he’d had a chance to talk to her, would he have talked her out of it? Robin covered her face with her hands, rubbing anxiously. She had to stop! This is why her stomach was tumbling right now! Because she made everything her problem! This was not her fault! She wasn’t pregnant, she and Jason knew how to communicate, and all she could do was to be a friend to Belinda. That is all she could do.





When a nurse approached her a few minutes later, Robin felt calm again. They led her back to a private recovery room. Belinda was sleeping on a gurney with the rails up. The nurse was explaining her after care and handing her papers to read.





“She will be asleep for another 10 minutes. The procedure went well and she is fine. She needs to rest for the rest of the day. No heavy lifting for one week. She needs to take these pills for three days. Things to look out for are high fever or any signs of skin reddening.” Robin felt overwhelmed but the nurse gave her a gentle smile. “She will be okay. The most important thing is rest.”





Robin sat on a small stool by the bed and waited. Ten minutes later Belinda’s eyes opened and she looked around groggy.





“What-?” Her voice sounded raspy.





“You’re in recovery.”





“It’s over?”





“Yeah.”





“Well…they just put the mask over me. It’s already done?”





“Yes. You want to lay here for a minute? We can leave as soon as you’re awake.”





“No, let’s get out of here.” It took a lot of effort for Belinda to get up, not because she seemed in pain but because she seemed so groggy.





“Maybe we should rest for a few minutes.”





“No, I want to get out of here!” She whined. Robin helped her dress, tossing the gown into a bin.





“Are you…in pain?” She asked when Belinda pulled on her shoes.





“No.” She gave Robin a strange look. “It doesn’t hurt at all. Not even cramps.”





When they left recovery, Robin heard crying and glanced into the open door of another recovery room. The woman that had yelled at her was in there bawling her eyes out while an older woman consoled her. ‘I didn’t want to do it!’ She repeated tearfully.





The two girls just quickened their steps. When they were at the receptionist desk they were signed out and Robin was getting some last minute instructions when Belinda bent and puked all over the floor. The nurses didn’t seem surprised but they quickly ushered the two girls out of the facility.





Robin looked up at the gate but Peter and his van were gone. She got Belinda loaded in and buckled up. “I can’t believe I puked.” She said miserably.





“Are you nauseous?”





“A little.”





“Do you got crackers at home?”





Belinda shook her head. “I’m going to stop at the corner store real quick and get you 7-UP and crackers.”





“And soup. I’m kind of hungry.”





“Okay.” As they drove out of the gate, Belinda looked around, evidently searching for signs of Peter. But he wasn’t there.





Robin was surprised and a bit disappointed that Peter wasn’t at Belinda’s apartment waiting for them. Inside of the duplex Robin found that Belinda’s space was strangely nice. She didn’t have walls draped in rock star posters and a house full of odd knick knacks, but she had a very traditionally decorated home. There were tons of plants and a matching couch and chair. The old hardwood floors were covered in throw rugs. It was small but pretty damn nice. The Brady Bunch could have lived there.





Belinda sat down on the couch and pulled a neatly folded afghan over herself. She reached for the remote control and turned on the TV and then lay down huddled there blankly watching the screen. Robin was in the kitchen heating up the soup in the microwave and when it was heated she sat it on the table in front of the couch along with crackers and a can of soda.





“I’m too nauseous to eat.” Belinda said while staring at the TV.





“Okay.” Robin settled in the chair and began reading the material that she’d gotten from the clinic. “It says here that you got to take this pill three times a day for three days; to stop infection.” Robin helped her take the pill and it took a lot for Belinda to keep it down without puking. She lay down again, looking tired and her eyes slowly closed.





“Remember,” she said softly, “when you asked me what I really want in my heart of heart?” Robin leaned forward in her chair. She did remember asking her.





“Yeah.”





“I want…my baby.” And then tears began to slip down Belinda’s cheeks as her eyes closed. Robin waited for her to fall asleep and then she stepped outside onto the porch and sat in the rickety metal chair that was actually very comfortable. She closed her eyes and cried.





***





Belinda was still asleep a few hours later while Robin watched whatever images appeared on the TV screen. Then she remembered that it was late afternoon and she hadn’t bothered to turn her phone back on. She had 15 messages, most were from Peter so she deleted them without even listening, but the last three were from Jason. She quickly redialed his number, worried that something had happened to him.





“Jason?” She said as soon as the phone picked up.





“Robin what in the hell is going on?!”





“What?”





“Peter is in freaking jail!”





“What?!” Robin leaped up and headed into a different room so that she wouldn’t disturb Belinda. “I got a message that he got arrested outside of an abortion clinic for terroristic threatening or something and that he was trying to follow you two inside!”





Jason had been dead asleep when his phone had rung and hadn’t bothered to get up or answer it until hours later when he finally checked his messages. He was alarmed to hear Peter’s voice exclaiming that he had gotten arrested and that his parent’s were coming to bail him out. He explained that he was trying to stop Robin and Belinda from going into the abortion clinic but the police thought that he was trying to bomb the place or something. His van got towed and he was in jail. Then he said that he’d call later and that he wasn’t sure about whether or not he’d be able to get to the studio that evening.





Jason had replayed the message two times feeling sick. Belinda and Robin had gone to an abortion clinic. Neither had mentioned anything about being pregnant. Robin wasn’t pregnant because she had gotten her period…or had she? What if Robin was lying about her period so that she could sneak off to have an abortion…? What if Robin had lied and said that she wouldn’t ever get rid of their baby, just to save his feelings?





Jason shook his head. That was stupid. Belinda was pregnant and Robin was just driving her…but why hadn’t she ever mentioned to him that Belinda was pregnant? Why would she keep a secret like that from him when they shared everything? And if she kept a secret like that from him then maybe she could sneak off and have a secret abortion.





He was very freaked out when he called her but she didn’t answer, though he knew she was awake because Peter had just seen her. So why wouldn’t she answer her phone??? So he called again and then again, each time his messages becoming more frantic, each time he was more convinced that she was aborting their baby.





“What are you doing, Robin? Why did you let all of my messages go to voice?! I’ve been freaking out here-”





“Jason there is a good explanation for everything but I can’t talk right now. I’ll call you when I get home.” She explained in a hushed voice.





“Where are you?!”





“Everything is okay, I’ll call you back in a while.” Sheesh! She hung up on her boyfriend for the first time. Control freak.





When she returned to the living room, Belinda was sitting up and spooning cold chicken noodle soup into her mouth.





“Did I wake you?” Robin sat down in the chair again.





“Hmm, was that Jason?” Belinda asked. “What’s he pissed about?”





“Cuz I didn’t answer my phone in a timely enough manner I guess.” She took a deep breath. “And he told me that Peter…got arrested.”





Belinda’s eyes locked onto hers in surprise. “Fuck.” She put down the soup. “Well…is he still in jail?”





“I don’t know.”





Belinda ran a frantic hand through her hair. And then almost on cue there was a knock at the door. Both girls jumped a foot into the air. Robin hurried to answer, checking the peep hole but didn’t see anyone.





She turned to look at Belinda in confusion. “There isn’t any-” But then came the knock again. Robin opened the door to see Peter sitting on his butt and not in a wheelchair. She suddenly understood the dilemma…no ramp to the house. He’d scooted across the floor just as Jason sometimes did.





“Robin, can you get my chair? It’s outside.”





She nodded and glanced behind her at Belinda who had her arms crossed and was standing there in the living room. Then she hurried outside for the chair. When she returned, pushing it through the open door it was to see Belinda and Peter sitting on the couch. He was holding her and she was sobbing uncontrollably. She could hear her repeating over and over.





“I didn’t mean to do it…I didn’t mean to. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to…” Peter was kissing her and holding her and rocking her.





“I know. I know, honey. It’s okay. Shhh, it’s okay.” They didn’t even seem to see her as she quickly gathered her purse and jacket.





“Do you hate me?” Belinda asked, her face red and tear streaked.





“No, I love you. I told you that…I don’t tell anybody else that. I love you. I’ll never hate you…” Robin closed the door behind her as she left the two lovers to mend and heal. Now she had to go to Jason and mend whatever they had broken.





Jason heard the key in the lock and didn’t even look up from the computer. For once he wasn’t working on music. He was supposed to be doing school work but his mind was in too many other places for that to be successful.





“Hey.” Robin said as she entered the room.





He looked at her, anger clear on his face. “You hung up on me.”





“I’m sorry. I couldn’t talk right then.”





He mulled her words over. “What in god’s name were you doing at an abortion clinic?”





She became irritated at his stank attitude. What right did he have to be pissed when she was emotionally drained at what she’d just been through?! “Well what the hell do you think I was doing there?”





“I really have no idea” he said, voice slurred and stilted. “Because you never mentioned to me that someone was planning on aborting a baby today. So I really have no idea what you were doing there. So who had an abortion?”





“What?! Are you asking me if I had an abortion?” Her eyes were like saucers as she stared at him.





“I’m asking you if you had an abortion.”





“Jesus Christ, no!” She glared at him in disbelief. “I can’t believe that you would think that!” He studied her before releasing his breath. “Oh my god…you think I’m lying to you?!”





“No, I believe you. I just…that was stupid. I’m sorry.”





She shook her head. “You really don’t know me very well if you think I’d lie about something like that to you.”





“Well, you hung up on me…and you didn’t answer the phone…and…”





“So?! That means I’d run out and get a secret abortion?!”





“Well…why didn’t you tell me that Belinda was pregnant?”





“Because she didn’t want anybody to know!”





“Robin…I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to think the worse. I just…”





She contemplated whether she wanted to just go home or whether she was willing to stand here and accept his apology. She honestly didn’t know which one she preferred.





“You gotta trust me, Jason. And I gotta trust you.” Her voice shook. “I would never do that! Do you understand?!”





“I understand.” He whispered. “I just…get…unsure about…me. Not you, just me.”





“Unsure?” She crossed her arms in front of herself and rubbed her elbows.





“I feel like a kid sometimes. I have no idea what I’m supposed to do, or why you are with me, or what is right and what is wrong. I just know how I feel. I want you, I love my music, and I want to walk. That’s all I know for sure.”





She walked to him slowly and then sat on his lap and placed her arms around his neck. She looked deeply into his eyes. “You got me. Your music is beautiful. And you will walk.”





Later Jason phoned Mr. Edelson to cancel the session for today. Peter never phoned and Robin and Top made love for most of the evening.





On Sunday, Robin didn’t mind that Jason missed church. He had done school work and he and Peter needed to catch up on their music work. Nearly everyone in the congregation asked about Jason and after services she and her mother went to a soul food restaurant at Robin’s suggestion and she paid. She picked up enough food for the guys including Jay; the technician and dropped it off at the studio.





She felt odd when Peter looked at her. He wheeled away from the controls and stopped in front of her. “Thank you for telling me. I know it wasn’t easy, but I appreciate it.”





Robin felt her emotions rise. “I’m sorry that I couldn’t stop her.”





Peter continued to watch her, his voice became a whisper. “It wasn’t your job to do that, it was mine.”





She nodded. There was so much more that she wanted to say, but in the end there was nothing else needed to be said. She moved towards where Jason was watching them and kissed him goodbye promising to be at his place when he returned tonight. He squeezed her tightly before releasing her.





After leaving there she didn’t head back to Jason’s but to Belinda’s. She wasn’t even home. She was supposed to be resting. Robin phoned her and she was at the library studying since she didn’t have a computer of her own. Belinda stepped outside to smoke and talk on her cell without disturbing anyone.





“I thought you weren’t supposed to smoke after?” Robin was driving back to Jason’s place.





“Well it’s either smoke or shoot everyone within a 25 mile radius due to nicotine withdrawals.” She paused. “Thanks for everything Robin. You were great.”





“I don’t feel so great.”





“I knew you’d beat yourself up over this. None of this is your fault, okay?”





“I know that. I promise I do. I just feel a little down, is all.”





“Hmmm. I know. I do too.”





“But you two are good?”





“Surprisingly yes. He asked me to be his girlfriend.”





Robin grinned broadly. “And you said, yes?”





“Of course.” After a giddy spell in which Belinda was overcome with the giggles she continued. “Now we just need to work on getting Amberly a boyfriend.”





“That would be good.” And then maybe she would stop giving Jason moon-eyed looks. Yeah…she and Amberly were not destined to really hit it off. The girls talked for a while and then Belinda complained about the cold and went back inside to study. Robin cracked open Jason’s laptop when she got back to his place. She contemplated an idea that had latched into her mind over the last few weeks. She thought about going to college. She navigated through the Universities website and checked out the enrollment information.





Chapter 28





It was very strange to have a week with little conflict. A week with totally none would be an mpossibility! Robin got a strange message on Monday from Pinnacle and when she called them back she was asked if she had gone to Mrs. Babbs funeral the week before.





Robin didn’t answer immediately and then Mary Louise had explained that her work log had not indicated that she hadn’t worked for the two hours that she wasn’t with Jason. She told her that she would make an adjustment.





Robin could have kicked herself for the bonehead mistake. Of course they would know that she would attend Mrs. Babb’s funeral. She knew that she was technically cheating Pinnacle out of hours when she wasn’t actually there when she was supposed to be, especially this week when Jason spent so much time at the studio and she wasn’t needed. Maybe she should, but she didn’t feel bad that she was cheating them. They had cheated her in many ways, as well. And besides she did more than she was expected. Now that Jason’s mother didn’t come by to do his shopping and cleaning she did it. Though half of everything that needed doing was half her mess also since she spent more time in his apartment then in her own.





Each night when he came home Robin and Jason made love. She began her birth control pills and making love with no condom felt awesome! At lunch Peter and Belinda were so cute, holding hands and giving each other long loving looks. The guys decided to end the Friday night Omicron parties. Omicron hated to lose the money but they were beginning to get into trouble over the parking and rowdiness so it was probably a good idea.





Jason’s mother phoned him one day and that had not been a pleasant conversation. Robin had tried not to listen but it was hard not to. Mrs. Hamilton was giving Jason hell and then she came over!





Jason had just finished in the bathroom and Robin was finishing up the dinner dishes. They were going to head over to the studio soon. It helped to actually come home first, eat and do bathroom things. And it gave Tom time to sleep in since he was a full ten hours ahead of them Japan time. If they got to the studio at six then Tom didn’t have to be present until 8 am.





Jason’s cell phone rang and he immediately recognized his Mom’s ringtone. He didn’t really feel like talking right now, but knew that he needed to catch up since she hadn’t come over for her weekly cleaning session.





“Hey Mom. I was just heading o-”





“What the hell were you thinking firing Raymond?!” Jason got quiet. “You haven’t even gotten fitted for your braces yet! How in the hell are you going to start walking without them? You want to ruin your legs? You want to have surgery on them again?!”





“Mom, I already have a new appointment Friday with a different doctor that you don’t know. So…yeah, you’ll have to come directly to me when you want to know what’s going on from now on.”





“What?! You think I’m concerned that I’m not in the mix? I’m concerned that you just got rid of a guy that knows your body better then you do! A guy I handpicked for you because he’s about the best damn therapist there is!”





“Raymond? You handpicked him for me?! What you mean is that you hand picked him for yourself!”





Robin stopped doing the dishes to go into the living room where Jason was wheeling angrily back and forth.





“Grow up, Jason! That ended so long ago that I can’t even freaking remember it. Raymond and I are now just friends, and so were you before you up and fired him over some dumb shit that happened before he even had met you!”





“Mom, it’s not your business. I don’t care about what you and Raymond did, anymore. I have a new therapist that won’t go blabbing to you about stuff that’s none of your business!”





“Oh, hold on. I’m pulling up into the drive.”





“No. I got to get to the studio!”





“The studio can wait! This can’t!” The phone went dead and Jason almost threw it before he remembered that he’d just have to order a new one. He wheeled to the door and opened it just as his mother stormed up the walk way. Robin stood in the entrance of the kitchen unsure of how to proceed.





“Hi Mrs. Hamilton.” She said softly.





“Hi, Honey. How is your stomach?” Joyce said as she dropped her purse onto the nearby chair.





“It hasn’t been giving me any problems.”





“Well, you might want to cover your ears then because Jason and I are about to have it out!” Jason just glared at his mother. “Let me tell you something Jason Lane Hamilton, you’re trying to punish Raymond because of something that you can’t even begin to understand.”





“You cheated on my father with my therapist. That’s not all that complicated Mom. And you don’t need to tell me that Dad was a dick. I know it! He was probably cheating on you, too. And Raymond is a great guy that honestly cares about me. I know that, too! Friend’s do what they think is best for you, even if it’s to tell your mother something you didn’t want her to know. But I didn’t fire Raymond to punish him, or even because I don’t understand how this all happened. I fired him because I can’t face him!”





Joyce watched him, her face a mask of confusion.





“I don’t know what to say to him. I don’t want the same relationship with him, I don’t trust that he won’t repeat something I say back to you. And I don’t need to have a therapist that I feel awkward with. I will find my own therapist. And you will stay away from him and my doctors. When you want to know something about my medical condition then you will get that information directly from me from now on!”





Joyce stared at him, her expression changing to something that was much less easier to read.





“One day I’m going to call Raymond and we’re going to sit down somewhere and we’re going to talk. And hopefully we’ll be friends after. But he won’t be my therapist again.”





Joyce’s jaw clenched and she looked away. “When are you going to schedule your surgery?”





“After I get fitted for my braces. It takes 4 to 6 weeks for them to come back so I want them soon after I get the pump replaced.”





“Am I allowed to be there during surgery?”





“Of course! But just know that Dad will be there, too.”





Her body seemed to deflate. “Okay. I’ll…turn over your child support money to you asap. You can pay your bills and handle your finances yourself, I guess.”





“That would be nice.”





She looked at him and then glanced at Robin. “I’ll let you two get back to the studio.” Jason followed her to the door.





“Mom.” He cleared his throat. “Come over Sunday after church, for dinner. I’m going to ask Robin’s mother to come over here. I thought that maybe Robin and I could make a nice dinner for you two.”





Robin smiled in surprise having just heard this for the first time. Joyce nodded her face relaxing even more.





“I’ll be here. Just let me know what time.”





Once she was gone Robin hugged Jason. “God that scared me. But you handled it so well!”





Jason gave her a crooked smile. He kissed her. Jason and his mother were both volatile personalities. This was his life…though usually it was him that backed down. It felt good to be the one in control; and it was necessary since it was his life that he was fighting for control of.





“Sweetheart, we need to get a Christmas tree fast. Since you’re going to be in the Bahamas on Christmas, I think you and I should celebrate early.” Christmas was in two more weeks and Robin would be leaving next Wednesday and returning New Years Day. It suddenly loomed so close whereas before it seemed a million years away.





***





There would come times in Robin’s life, even years later, where she would think that this very day is the day that everything could have been saved. Yes, events had been put into play long before that Friday, but it was really Friday that marked the first day that everything would end.





After classes Robin and Jason went Christmas shopping and found a small Christmas tree that already had lights and pretty red buds on it. They loaded it in the back seat along with a small wreath for the front door.





“What do you want for Christmas?” Jason asked.





Robin reached for his hand. “You mean I get you and something else, too?”





“Whatever you want.”





“I want…a Barbie penthouse apartment, a new Barbie outfit, and a Barbie pink Cadillac!”





“Jeez you really wanted that kind of stuff for Christmas?”





“Yep. What about you?”





“Computer, CD’s, games, gaming systems, my own credit card so I could buy shit online without clearing it with my Mom first.”





“Did you always get what you wanted?”





“Pretty much.”





“What do you want Santa to bring you for Christmas this year?”





“Hmmm…a lapdance from my sexy girlfriend.”





Robin laughed. “You gotta be kidding me.”





Jason laughed. “Wearing a garter and heels. No! Boots, fuck-me-boots! That’s what I want for Christmas.”





“Jason,” she said dryly. “You’re getting yourself all worked up before your therapy session and this new guy is going to think you find him sexy when he sees you with a raging hard-on.” Jason quickly adjusted himself.





The new guy turned out to be an old white haired man with Popeye the Sailorman forearms. He pulled and stretched Jason’s limbs until he cried out repeatedly. And then painful charly horses would develop that needed to be massaged away. Even Robin could see the way that he manipulated Jason’s limbs differed from the way Raymond had done it. This man pulled and stretched until he injured Jason. Raymond seemed to know just when to stop, before a charly horse developed.

As the torture session continued he repeatedly chided Jason for allowing his muscles to atrophy so badly. “You are definitely going to need surgery, young man. I don’t know who you were seeing before this but the damage is fairly extensive! This should have been surgically corrected long ago.”





“I’m about to get the Baclofen pump.” Jason responded.





“And that helps your spasticity. What about your atrophied muscles? You need surgery.”





“I don’t want surgery-”





“Well who in their right mind wants their muscles clipped, son?! It’s painful, but it’s what’s best for you!”





Robin didn’t like the new therapist. He said things that were totally different then what Raymond said, and he was mean! He squeezed Jason’s sore joints when he measured him for the body brace. When Jason said that he didn’t want his upper body covered the doctor disregarded him and kept showing him the full body braces. Jason finally just demanded to be measured for the lower body brace and the therapist spent the rest of the visit chiding him on his decision.





By the time they left, Jason was in a foul mood and in pain. His face was pale and pinched. He had Robin drop him off at the studio and when she offered to go inside and listen for a while he told her no it was fine and then he wheeled himself inside leaving her on the sidewalk.





She saw Amberly’s car in the lot and almost went inside just because she was there, but then knew that it was stupid to feel that way. Peter and Belinda showed up just as she was about to pull off. Belinda waved at her. She looked so cute in black suede boots, mini skirt and a shearling coat. But she seemed so pale.





Well there was Christmas shopping to do, so she decided to waste away the time in the mall. Jason called her at about nine. There was so much noise in the background that she could barely make out his words.





“Sweetheart, we’re done!”





“What?” She covered up her other ear and hurried out of the doors of the mall. They were getting ready to close anyways.





“Finished! Caput! It’s over!”





“What’s over, babe?”





“The song! We finished it!” His words were more slurred than ever.





“Babe, it’s finished?! What is all that racket?!”





“James brought over some people and we’re partying it up!”





“Who is James? And are you drinking?”





“Well I had a few glasses of champagne. James is Mr. Edelson.”





“Oh.” She hefted her packages up as she hurried to the car. “Okay, well I’m on my way over.”





“Okay, babe! I’ll see you soon!”





Robin put everything in the trunk and realized that she wouldn’t be able to get the wheelchair back there. She’d have to swap it out to the backseat later and there was already a Christmas tree and wreath back there. Seeing her car loaded with Christmas stuff was really putting her in the Christmas spirit. She drove to the complex excited that the song was finished and couldn’t wait to hear it. But she was also a little surprised that Jason had allowed himself to get drunk. She had never even seen him take one drink so hearing him drunk was strange. But everyone deserved a celebratory drink after a hard won victory and Jason and Link had worked very hard for this one!





Once she got to the office complex she could hear the party going on even as she stepped off the elevator. Through the glass entry into the suit she could see dancing bodies and hear rap music blasting. She almost felt as if she was back at the Omicron house!





There were nearly thirty bodies crammed into the two rooms and a couple making out against the glass wall of the recording area. Robin squeezed past dancing bodies until she found Jason in his wheelchair chugging back a beer. She scowled, not because of the beer but because Amberly was perched drunkenly on his lap and they were laughing like two hyenas. She headed for them and waited almost an entire minute before Jason even saw her. When he did he smiled happily.





“Robin! There she is! Hi babe. We finished the song!” Wow he was drunk, truly drunk. She only knew what he was saying by the process of deduction.





Amberly was holding a plastic cup of champagne and she hefted it up. “Robin we should toast the guys success!”





“No. I think I’m the designated driver tonight.”





“Nooo…” Amberly exclaimed. “James got us limos! We’re going to a fancy hotel after this to finish the party! Come on Robin, let’s all dance!” Amberly tried to stand but she fell on her butt back onto Jason’s lap. They continued to laugh. Robin looked around, hoping that Peter had enough sense not to be totally wasted.





No such luck. He and Belinda were in the corner making out in his wheelchair. Both were drunk and spilling cups of champagne all over the place as they kissed. Well at least he was making out with her and not some mystery skank; that was progress. Robin scratched her neck uncomfortably and then Mr. Edelson was there holding a cup of champagne for her.





“Here luv, join the party.”





She waved it away. “Oh, no, I don’t drink.”





“Not even one?”





“No. Thanks.”





“Well there is smoke if you prefer that…or a little snort.”





Robin tried not to look shocked. “No, thanks.” She searched her mind for a way to politely get away from Mr. Edelson but then the music changed and one of the dirtiest songs that she had ever heard came on. Belinda screamed and leaped to her feet. Robin almost ran for cover. But Belinda began to dance in a very suggestive manner.





“That’s my song!!!!” Then a bunch of girls began to dance along with her while the guys watched. Belinda was belting out the lyrics loudly to a song called Fuck The Pain Away.





Amberly had even gotten up and was sashaying in front of Jason rubbing on her teeny breasts and non-existent butt. She looked more pathetic than sexy. But the point was that Jason was watching her. Robin began to feel sick to her stomach. She needed to get out of there and she needed to get Jason out of there.





She moved through the crowd towards him and slid onto his lap. His focus moved to her happily. “Babe,” she crooned. “Can we go home?”





He pouted. “I want to stay. This is fun!”





She kissed his ear seductively feeling his body instantly respond. “I can do that thing for you that you wanted for Christmas.” She cajoled. Jason leaned in towards her, his lips finding her neck his hands possessively roaming her body.





She placed her hands on his wrists and gently stopped him. “Let’s go home. We can finish there.”





His eyes were glued to hers. She slipped off of his lap and backed away, beckoning him to follow. He wheeled forward but bumped into several dancers. Robin moved to take control of his chair and began wheeling him out of there as if the place was on fire. But before they had made it out the door Peter saw them.





“Top! Where you going, man?”





Belinda turned to them and danced her way to the couple. She hugged Robin lovingly. “My girl! You came. Jason said you were busy. He’s such a liar!”





Peter joined them. “You can’t leave yet. The limos are on their way. We’re getting ready to go to the hotel and swim naked.”





“Yeah. Now everybody can see how big Top’s dick really is!” Belinda screamed.





Peter frowned seeming to sober and Robin was thankful. “The only dick you’re going to be looking at is mine, young lady.” And then he burst out laughing. Robin’s hopes crashed.





“James, where is the limo?!” Jason bellowed. Robin cursed under her breath. She was absolutely not allowing her boyfriend to go to the hotel and drunkenly swim nude with a bunch of strangers…and one particular non-stranger by the name of Amberly.





“You guys are drunk.” She said, trying to be the voice of reason. They all guffawed at her words. Amberly had found her seat back onto Jason’s lap and Robin was almost fit to be tied.





“Jason.” She finally said, trying not to show her anger. “I thought we had an agreement that no other girl would be sitting in your lap except for me.”





Jason pouted. “I’m sorry, babe. I forgot. Get up Amberly. My baby wants to sit here.” Amberly made a face but got up. Robin crossed her arms in front of her but made no move to sit on his lap.





“Jason. Can we leave now?”





“Robin, why don’t you have a drink and relax? We’re playing some good music and having fun.” Jason slurred his response.





Her back bristled. “Do you remember why I’m not supposed to drink, Jason?”





Amberly’s hand shot up. “Because you might go home with a group of unknown Mexican dudes?!”





Everyone laughed except Robin.





“Because I have an ulcer.”





“Buzz kill…” Peter said beneath his breath.





Robin’s feelings were hurt. They were ganging up on her! She watched Jason steadily. His smile slipped away.





“Okay. We can go,” he said.





The four friends protested and Jason held up his hand to halt them. “No, I gotta go. I don’t want my girl upset. She might freaking…vomit a lung.” Robin’s mouth fell open. Those words hurt her so bad that she was too stunned to move for a moment.





“You can stay.” She turned and hurried out the door. She pressed down on the elevator, seeing the button blur as her eyes filled with embarrassed tears. Just as she stepped onto the elevator she glanced back at the glass doors of the suite and saw that Amberly had found her way back onto Jason’s lap and that he hadn’t even bothered to come after her.





To be continued…





Wheels of Steel book 3 preview





God she loved the Bahamas. Maybe she should move to the south where she could flounce around in skimpy clothes all year around! There was a disco on the second floor of the ship and now that the sun was down there would probably be people there…hopefully people here age. Most people were old as her Mom or were younger kids. She certainly got approached, but there just weren’t all that many single guys her age to choose from.





The disco always played older dance music from her Mama’s generation but she liked it. She went to an area where she would have room to move and began to dance, flopping around crazily because she didn’t care if she looked strange. Robin twirled and did kicks and dropped it like it was hot and after a few songs she felt someone dancing next to her and opened her eyes. He grinned and had a nice smile and a nicely tanned face. He was older, but not as old as her mother and he had a nice body that was toned and slim. Robin smiled in return.





They danced but he was too old to dance all night and he asked her if he could buy her a drink and sit for a while. She didn’t want to sit she wanted to be dancing or fucking…but she followed him to the bar and away from the loud music.





“What’s your name?” He asked.





“Sweetheart.”





“Wow…what an appropriate name.” He held out his hand. “Hi, Sweetheart. I’m Bob.”





“Oh, how original.” She said sarcastically. “How about that drink Bob.”





He laughed knowing that he had gotten caught giving a false name. “What do you drink, Sweetheart?”





“Whatever you’re buying, Bob.”





They drank gin and tonics. She liked it, but she wasn’t a fool. She wanted sex not to be raped. After a few drinks they got back on the dance floor and danced erotically. ‘Bob’ placed his hands round her waist possessively and periodically he touched her bouncing ass or loose breast. When he rubbed against her Robin could feel that he was rock hard.





She felt her panties become wet and knew that this would be the second guy that she’d fuck. It was good that she didn’t know his real name because the second guy; the rebound guy was not important. One day she’d say, ‘Yeah, I fucked some guy in the Bahamas. Nah, I don’t remember if it was good or bad.’





About the Author

~***~

Pepper Pace writes romance stories with steamy eroticism, humor and warmth. She enjoys writing, as well as reading about unlikely romances and interracial relationships. Her characters are painfully real and just like in reality, sometimes their stories make you cry, sometimes they make you laugh and when Pepper turns up the passion it becomes very steamy!





She has described her stories as ‘out of the box’ because she is intrigued by the unusual. Stories about perfect people offers very little excitement for Pepper, which is why she has woven a world rich with anti-heroes, the insecure, the angry and always redemption.





Pepper lives in Cincinnati Ohio with her teenage son and daughter…as do most of her characters.





Visit Pepper’s blog at http://pepperpacefeedback.blogspot.com/





Awards

~***~

Pepper Pace is a popular author on Literotica.com. She is the winner of the 11th Annual Literotica Awards in 2009 for Best Reluctance and best Novels/Novella, as well the August 2009 People's Choice Award. In the 12th Annual Literotica Awards, Pepper Pace won number one writer in the category of Novels/Novella as well as best Interracial story for 2010.





Table of Contents

ABOUT WHEELS OF STEEL 7

Chapter 1 11

Chapter 2 16

Chapter 3 32

Chapter 4 44

Chapter 5 50

Chapter 6 57

Chapter 7 68

Chapter 8 75

Chapter 9 86

Chapter 10 96

Chapter 11 100

Chapter 12 108

Chapter 13 114

Chapter 14 123

Chapter 15 134

Chapter 16 140

Chapter 17 143

Chapter 18 162

Chapter 19 178

Chapter 20 196

Chapter 21 211

Chapter 22 236

Chapter 23 247

Chapter 24 261

Chapter 25 273

Chapter 26 289

Chapter 28 316

About the Author 328

Awards 329





