Give Me a Reason





In the Heart of a Valentine Book Three





By





Stephanie Nicole Norris





Contents




Chapter 1



Chapter 2



Chapter 3



Chapter 4



Chapter 5



Chapter 6



Chapter 7



Chapter 8



Chapter 9



Chapter 10



Chapter 11



Chapter 12



Chapter 13



Chapter 14



Chapter 15



Chapter 16



Chapter 17



Chapter 18



Chapter 19



Chapter 20



Chapter 21



Chapter 22





Note from the Author



Other Books by Stephanie Nicole Norris



About the Author





Note from the Publisher: This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead or references to locations, persons, events or locations is purely coincidental. The characters, circumstances and events are imaginative and not intended to reflect real events.

Give Me a Reason

In the Heart of a Valentine Book Three

Copyright 2018 Stephanie Nicole Norris

Love is a Drug, Ink.

All Rights Reserved and Proprietary.

No part of this book may be reproduced, in any form or format without written permission from Author. Send all requests via email to

stephanie@stephanienicolenorris.com





Chapter One





Willis Tower





66th Floor, The Metropolitan





Lance and Allison fell into the double doors of the darkened Lincoln event room. Their hands explored one another fervently as their mouths seared against lips, capturing tongues to inhale the hungry brush that burned against the soft flesh of their rims. Allison panted and lifted her head as Lance branded his warm lips down her chin and neck into the bone of her shoulder. She shivered, and her nipples hardened with such stinging velocity that a whimper fell from her opened aperture as a shockwave of chills journeyed down to her tailbone. Lance’s hands locked against her spine, and with a rotation of his hips, the burgeoning erection behind his tailored Armani suit pants beat against the zipper for freedom in a rush to find the seat of Allison’s panties on the other side. With her legs tossed around his toned waist, and her head flung back, Allison was lost in the passionate sensor of his touch.

Things between the two didn’t start off like that, but it had only been a matter of time for them to become caught up in each other’s rapture. After the way Lance flirted relentlessly with Allison, while his fingers strummed the strings of a guitar, it made her entire body vibrate with a need so powerful she’d soiled her panties right then.

They were at a wedding. More specifically, Lance’s brother Hunter had been married all of two hours, and they’d only been at the reception forty minutes before Xavier, Lance’s second eldest brother proposed to his girlfriend Corinne Thomas. It was the hottest thing Allison had witnessed to date. Well, that and Lance of course. Allison knew him from his family’s celebrity status in the news. With her being an assignment editor at a news station, Allison had all the information she required. He was born a septuplet to powerhouse media moguls Bridgette and Leslie Valentine. After losing their youngest brother at birth, Lance along with his five brothers, was raised under the leadership of a prominent father, and Leslie Valentine went above and beyond to supply his children with everything they would need to become the same force that he was today. They each went to Ivy League schools and surpassed the level of success that most would be comfortable with settling at. They each became the center of attention in Chicago, and with that superstardom came the sort of scrutiny that was best to steer clear of. Women, scandals, and sharks. Some rumor or another had touched them all at least once. The media spared no expense, going so far as to print hearsay that didn’t combat the images the men worked so hard to maintain.

As an award-winning film director and one of the best working in Hollywood today, Lance Valentine was the epitome of fantasies around the globe. Allison had not been immune.

It began eight months ago on a cool afternoon at the home of Leslie and Bridget Valentine. At the time, Allison was a plus one, tagging along with Camilla Augustina for a lunch date with her then-boyfriend and now husband Hunter. The women followed sounds of laughter around the estate to find Hunter, Xavier, and Lance playing basketball and talking major shit about who had more game. When she and Lance locked eyes, Allison felt lulled by an unsteady commotion behind her breasts.

“Hello,” Allison had said, taking the initiative.

“Why hello. What’s your name, beauty?”

“I’m Allison Sullivan.” She held her hand out, and Lance approached her, crushing the ball against his waist.

He accepted her greeting, and a kernel of electricity spread through their fingers the moment they touched.

“That’s a lovely name.”

Allison blushed, but their introductions were interrupted by the spring from the screen door slapping against the wooden frame as his mother appeared to offer them lunch. However, after they’d gotten their fill of food, Lance led Allison away from the others to the family room to get better acquainted. There, he’d learned of her career at WTZB, and when Lance asked Allison if she’d ever done a report on him, her bashful response made his heart warm.

“Well, technically, because I take my job seriously…” she blushed, “it has come across my desk to look into a few things about you.”

“Hmmm,” he said rubbing his chin, “like what, if you don’t mind me asking?”

“Well … well,” she floundered, and Lance found her discomfort amusing. “That’s top secret.”

His brow arched, and he cocked his head to the side.

“It’s top secret for you to tell the person you were investigating about the investigation?”

Her lashes fluttered. “I wouldn’t call it an investigation, per se … I …” she shrugged, “well maybe just a little bit.”

His dark laughter made her belly quiver, and her blush made her cheeks take on a deeper shade of brown.

Lance nodded then tweaked her nose. “You’re okay, beauty. I’m just messing with you, and I love the way you blush.” He licked his lips. “Now that you know a little something about me, I want to know more about you.”

He’d taken her home that night after she talked about her journalism degree from Cornell University and how being the only child spoiled her but didn’t ruin the realistic outlook she had on life. She told him how she wanted to take care of her parents, to honor them for raising her in a loving, safe environment, realizing that not everyone was allotted the same thing. Each career decision she’d chosen brought her closer to that specific desire, and Lance found himself taken with her.

After a few dates and spontaneous meetings at local and long distant charity events, their need to be closer was stronger than anything either of them had prepared for. Being paired as a bridesmaid and groomsman at the wedding only added to their chemistry, and Lance hadn’t taken it easy on her after the show he’d put on with his brothers.

She’d watched him climb the makeshift stage and lift the body of the guitar by its neck with one strong arm. He tossed the strap around the thick column of his masculine throat then readjusted the leather band to rest against his mountainous shoulder blade. The way he handled the instrument with one hand, gripping its handle and the other lying across the middle to strum the strings incinerated every nerve in Allison’s body, making her wish it was her that he fiddled. Dipped in chocolate, from the smooth surface of his forehead, past his succulent lips, Lance’s coffee brown skin drowned him in a dark, undulating expressway that not only made Allison’s tooth ache, but her pussy thump and her nipples soar as they knotted against her blouse.

Her examination was merely a continuation of the eye she’d held on him from the moment they’d been joined, arm in arm, as bridesmaid and groomsman during their stroll down the aisle. His touch electrified her then, and for a long minute, they’d eyed one another before making their way to their positions behind the newlyweds.

As a gift to the bride, Hunter the groom. and his brothers, Lance, Xavier, and DeAndre, graced the stage like they did so many times in high school and college with a rendition of their famous song, “A Love Like You.” Back then, they took on the name A Band of Brothers, and it fit so well none of them saw a reason to change it. While they serenaded the wedding party, Lance kept his laser focus on Allison’s majestic frame. Her lips burned in his eyesight along with her butter pecan eyes, and razor-sharp bob tresses. She was leaned into a hip, swaying with the beat and utterly locked in on his intoxicating gaze.

Lance bit his bottom lip, then winked and spun on his heel, tossing the guitar upward then catching the body of the instrument smoothly as his feet twirled to an easy stop, facing her again. Her body heightened at his move, and her nerves scattered then tingled, and Allison knew that she was his biggest fan.

She had to have him, and if his lingering stare was any indication that he wanted her, too, then Lance was hers for the taking. The set ended, and the wedding party went bananas. Allison’s smile spread across her lips, and while everyone cheered boisterously, she clapped slow and softly, never taking her eyes off Lance. She made it known that her applause was for him alone. Lance stepped from the stage, but Allison didn’t stay put. She turned her back to him and sauntered out of the room with an emboldened sashay of her hips.

Down the eclectic modern corridor, Allison continued her venture without stealing a peek over her shoulder to see if he was there. She knew by the lingering sting of the heat that surrounded her and the pulsing wetness of her vagina. Guests of Hunter and Camilla Valentine danced and fellowshipped to the sounds of a DJ who took the stage; they were none the wiser of the absence of two of their wedding party participants. Lance and Allison had been caught up in the love in the atmosphere, and quietly, they found their way down the silent corridor, with Lance trailing Allison’s footsteps like a silent predator. He’d released the pressure from his necktie and slipped his hands inside his pockets, but when she’d ventured toward the Lincoln room and paused in front of the door, Lance had tucked Allison in his embrace so tightly it would take the Jaws of Life to separate them.

“You are a very naughty lady, Ms. Sullivan,” he’d said to her. Lance remembered during Xavier’s speech the way Allison slipped a finger between her thighs while they were sitting at the table where no one could see her action but him. When she’d brought her fingers up, they’d ventured around her lips, coating her mouth with a clear glaze while holding his sturdy gaze.

A purring moan slipped from Allison. “Would you believe it if I told you I’m not usually this way?”

Lance lifted a protuberant brow. “So, you’re saying—”

“It’s you, Lance Valentine. Something about the way you reach out and caress me without touching me at all.”

Another purr left her tongue, and that’s when Lance swallowed her mouth. With his eyes low and a hot brimming gaze blazing down her skin, the two ravished each other, sinking their fingers into one another’s skin and grinding crotch to pelvis. Lance took three steps forward while cupping Allison’s derriere in his massive palms. They bumped into a conference table where Lance lowered her bottom to the cool surface while keeping her legs locked around his waist.

The coolness of the tabletop didn’t deter Allison, for she was as hot as a furnace, and with the feverish lava melting through her, it was a miracle that the thick wooden top didn’t catch fire and ash at that very instant. His lips pressed into the sweltering heat of her neck where his tongue traced its arc down to the dip and cleft between her breasts. His kiss was urgent and exploratory, intensely hunting for his hunger to be gratified. Her dress rose up her thighs as his hands trailed a scorching pathway up her skin. Allison purred again and writhed underneath his stroke.

The bulk in Lance’s pants held a strenuous pressure, and his heart rocked behind the layer of compacted muscle.

“Allison…” he growled. “I’m going to fuck you on this table if you don’t stop me.”

It was the only warning he cared to give. Allison’s pussy thumped recklessly. She knew she should stop him. How wild would it be to have sex in the conference room of Camilla and Hunter’s wedding?

Usually, Allison was pretty level-headed, but Camilla was her girl; she knew how much Allison wanted to hook up with Lance. Now that she was here in this moment, what was to stop her? Is that all you want from him, though? Allison shut her eyes and tried to drown out the sensible thoughts of her mind and proceed with the carnal need of her flesh. Hell yeah, you want this, it said.

When Allison didn’t respond, Lance lifted his head from her breasts to her mouth, recapturing her lips with a demanding inhalation. Oooh my God.

A sound, something like a throat clearing, sliced through their bondage. Lance’s lips pulled off Allison’s with a suckling slurp, and in response, Allison’s tongue left her mouth to lick up the soft fullness of his thick lips.

“Mmmm…” she moaned, too deep in their connection to care about the intruder.

Lance’s eyes darkened even more, and the curve in his lashes fluttered as his gaze dropped to her mouth. With prodigious strength, he turned his face from her and eyed the darkened corner of the room where the sound had come from. A tall figure moved from the darkness and slipped into the only line of moonlight that trailed across the carpet.

“Don’t mind me,” Raphael Valentine said. “I’ll excuse myself.”

Seeing him pulled the couple further out of their moment, with Lance straightening his shoulders to stand upright in front of Allison. His fingers automatically reached for the hem of her dress and pulled it down to recover her thighs.

“Brother,” Lance said, “I wasn’t aware you were—”

“Missing?” Raphael responded. He chuckled. “You’re good. I’ve gotten good at disappearing at these things. “You know how I feel about weddings, but I’m good. Enjoy yourselves.”

They watched him leave the room, and it was as if he’d sucked the wind right out along with him.

“Is he okay?” Allison asked. Her heartbeat was just now leveling off into a normal rhythm.

Lance exhaled a deep breath, holding on to his thought before responding. He slipped his hands inside his pockets and eyed Allison.

“Five years ago, Raphael was in a car accident that killed his fiancée on the eve of their wedding.”

A sharp gasp nearly choked Allison to death when she inhaled. Her eyes enlarged, and her hand covered her mouth.

“Oh no, oh my God,” she mourned.

Lance bit down on his lip. “He feels responsible for her death.”

Now tears clouded Allison’s eyes. “Why,” she mumbled into her hand.

Lance grimaced again. “He was driving their car.”

Another gasp shook from Allison.

“But it was determined that the fault was of the driver that collided into them. The way the accident happened, Raphael couldn’t have avoided it, unless he had supernatural powers. Still, he blames himself. For the longest time, he avoided weddings, but of course when Hunter got engaged to Camilla, he felt obligated to attend even though Hunter told him not to.”

“He should get a therapist or attend counseling sessions.”

Lance nodded. “He does. I can say from the outside looking in, it’s helped in some ways. Now, instead of him shutting out the world, he only does it around the anniversary of her birth or death.” Lance sighed. “I call that progress compared to not seeing him for weeks on end in the beginning.”

Allison nodded. “You should probably go to him.”

“You’re right.” His eyes graced her face, and with his finger, Lance reached out and thumbed her bottom lip. “This may be a bro session that goes into the wee hours of the morning.”

That was Lance’s way of saying they may not get the chance to reconnect that evening. Allison smirked and nodded.

“Well, there’s always tomorrow,” her throaty voice purred.

Lance’s dick pitched. “Girl,” he shook his head, and Allison smiled. “What the hell are you doing to me?” He leaned in for a quick, juicy, succulent tongue tango then took a forceful step back in which he ordered his feet to move. “Come, let me walk you back to the party.”

Allison slipped her hand in his, and Lance tightened his fingers around hers. With his other hand, he lifted her thigh and scooted her off the table then twirled with her still suspended in his grip. Her body traveled down his as she slid to the carpet where her feet met the solid base.

“Tomorrow?” he questioned.

“Tomorrow,” she said, matter of fact.





Chapter Two





“I know we barely know each other, but I’d like to point out that I couldn’t help but notice when you walked back in holding hands with Lance.”

Allison swiveled to the side with an upturned smile and folded her arms across her breasts. “Do you think you’re the only one that noticed?”

London Jones sipped her cocktail with a smirk. She brought her lips off the straw then responded. “I can’t be sure, but it’s a strong possibility since,’’ London glanced to her far right, “Camilla and Hunter have been engrossed in each other from the moment he left the stage, and Xavier and Corrine managed to find their own quiet corner.”

Allison’s brows furrowed, and she glanced from one end of the luxuriously designed room to the other. “Where are Xavier and Corinne?”

“Exactly,” London said.

The two women laughed.

“Well damn, at least I’m not the only one,” Allison said. “I think it’s this whole wedding vibe. It’s got a sister feeling naughty.”

London giggled out a heavy chortle. “I think weddings usually make you want to have a significant other, not bump and grind. That just might be you.”

They burst into laughter again, and Allison slapped a palm against her face to hide her embarrassment. Sliding her fingers open to reveal her eyes, Allison peered at London, taking in her form fitting gold and black evening gown that wrapped down to her knees. Spiky black heels accentuated her feet, and on her toes, gold polish painted her nails. It was Hunter’s fraternity signature color, and for the reception, he and Camilla had changed it up on their guests, asking the groomsmen to wear the bride’s sorority colors, which were salmon pink and apple green and for the bridesmaid to wear Hunter’s.

“You have no room to talk,” Allison said. “I’ve seen the way you and Kyle have been eye fucking each other.”

London spat out a spray of her cocktail and choked as she tried to rein in her surprise.

“Mmhmm, don’t kill yourself unless you’re looking for Kyle to run over and give you mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.”

London continued to choke, and Allison guffawed and patted her on the back.

“Don’t try to swallow, just breathe. Let the rest of that cocktail fall off your tongue if you have to,” she instructed.

London was bent over, gasping for air when the groove of a deep voice penetrated her eardrums.

“Are you all right?”

As if he was the cure to the disturbance that rocked within her, London’s hacking ceased, and slowly she rose from her bending position. Her eyes cruised up an impeccable athletic chest. The button-down shirt wasn’t restricted against his muscular form, and still the ridges in his abdomen were defined through the garment. Broad shoulders filled the jacket with a customary fit and his neck, jaw, and lips were the highlights of his face.

Allison slapped London on her back again to jar her into motion. She was afraid if the poor girl stood staring any longer, she’d be stuck in a time-warp. The jolt made London cough again, then she covered her mouth and dropped her hand.

“Um, yes, I’m fine. Thanks for asking.”

Kyle drove his gaze over her face. “Are you positive?”

London nodded like a bobble head, and Allison forced herself not to laugh.

Kyle smirked. “In that case, would you like to dance?”

“I, um,” London glanced down at her watch.

“Oh girl, the night is young, you ain’t got nowhere to be,” Allison interjected. “Sure, Kyle, she would love to dance.” Allison pushed her forward then mumbled. “Maybe I can get her out of my business.”

“I heard that!” London said as she was carried off to the dance floor by Kyle’s hand resting at the small of her back.

Allison chuckled and turned to stroll to the bar.

“Now where do you think you’re going, Ms. Sullivan?”

Another smile rushed to Allison’s lips, and her eyes traveled over Leslie Valentine. The salmon pink and apple green jacket fit him well, also defining the masculine build in his raw cut frame. Had Mr. Valentine been single, and Allison never laid eyes on Lance, she’d surely consider becoming Leslie’s pretty young thing. Allison’s inner chuckle almost spilled over, but she held on to it.

“Mr. Valentine, you’re looking mighty dapper tonight. How are you?”

Leslie wiggled his brow. “Thank you, Madame. You are a show stopper yourself,” he said, taking a keen eye over the black and gold dress that hugged her waist and flared over her hips.

“Thank you,” she said.

“Do you mind if I have this dance?” Leslie added.

“Of course not.”

He held his hand out for hers, and she accepted it. Leading Allison to the dance floor, he leaned in and whispered, “There is just something about weddings that makes you re-evaluate your life, you know.”

Allison nodded. “I wholeheartedly agree.”

“Do you?”

“Yes,” she said.

He twirled her into his embrace, and they swayed to the slow rhythm of Maxwell. “First, Hunter gets married, then Xavier proposes,” he twirled her out then back in.

“Were you surprised when Xavier proposed,” Allison inquired.

“Not so much. Xavier has always had a big heart regardless of the fact that he thinks he’s hard.”

They both chuckled.

“Hunter, on the other hand,” he paused. “If I’m honest, I’d say I didn’t see that one coming. I mean, we all fall victim to what the heart wants at one point or another. But I thought my dear son Hunter might be in his fifties by the time he decided to settle down.” Leslie shrugged. “Just goes to show that the love bug takes all prisoners.”

It was then that Allison’s gaze ventured across the dance floor off to the middle of the room. There, Lance was mounted on his feet, his hands resting easily inside his pockets, conversing with Raphael but holding his penetrating gaze on Allison. She sucked in a whooshing breath, and the rate of her heart increased dynamically.

“It almost makes you wonder who’s next,” Leslie Valentine said, clearly aware that Lance and Allison had a thing for one another.

She chuckled softly. “If you had to guess,” she said, keeping her eyes on Lance. “Who would you suspect?”

Her gaze flickered to Leslie, and she noticed the amused gleam in his eye.

“Hmmm, let’s see… there is—”

“London and Kyle,” Allison interrupted.

Her quick response was meant to take the focus off she and Lance, even though Leslie had said nothing about them. Instead, it had the opposite effect, making Leslie smile even brighter.

“Possibly,” he said, giving her a break. “But then there’s—”

“Well, if we’re being technical, Xavier and Corinne will be the next to get hitched,” she interrupted again.

Leslie’s grizzly laugh rattled his chest, also making Allison smile.

He nodded. “That is true,” he said. “Technically.”

“So, it’s settled then. It seems your family will be growing in rapid succession, Mr. Valentine. I know you and Mrs. Valentine would like grandbabies. She made it her business to let us know the first time we met.”

Allison’s initial meeting with Bridgett Valentine was quite an interesting one. The matriarch was very vocal about wanting grandchildren. She’d gone so far as to tell them so during dinner at their home.

“So, which one of you are going to give me grandbabies first,” she had asked.

A spray of water flew from Camilla’s lips; horrified, she covered her mouth and choked back the rest.

“Oh, dear, are you all right?” Mrs. Valentine asked, handing a crisply folded napkin to Camilla.

Camilla had hurried to dab her mouth and wiped down her hand along with the splotches on her dress.

“Mother, you don’t start off a conversation with who’s going to give you grandbabies,” Hunter had said.

Xavier laughed, but Lance had dropped his head and grimaced. Allison would never forget the look of mortification on his face. She didn’t know if it was because Lance wasn’t interested in having children at all or if it was just embarrassing for his mother to go there.

“Well, what should I start with?” His mother replied. “I already know her.”

Camilla was taken back by that comment as was Allison.

“How do you know her when you’ve just met her, Ma?” Lance asked.

“Well, I don’t know Allison yet, but it’s only a matter of time for that.”

Allison had never felt her gut churn so much before that day. It was, however, the first time someone had laid claims on Allison’s ovaries. She shook herself of the memory and realized that while she was trying to shift the conversation, it had only taken her deeper into thoughts of what-ifs with Lance.

“We do want grandbabies,” Leslie responded twirling Allison away and back to him. “A stadium full of them,” he added.

A bustling wave of chills ran down Allison’s skin. “Well, it looks like Hunter and Camilla will start you off.”

Leslie nodded. “And we fully expect each one of our kids to add to that number, equally.”

There it was again, Mr. Valentine was laying claim on her ovaries. Either that or she was tripping.

“Do you have kids, Allison?”

“Me? No,” she said.

“Do you want children?”

“Ah, I suppose… um, maybe one day.”

“Maybe?”

“Well, yeah. I hadn’t really thought about it in detail.”

“Why is that, if you don’t mind me asking.”

Allison’s face warmed, and another wave of chills scoured down her arms. She laughed nervously.

“Children are a big deal. One would have to have a spouse, their life in order, financial stability, among other things.”

“Hmmm, what other things, exactly?”

“Ah… you know, things like fertility and good health. I’d want to make sure I could have babies.” She paused. “For me, creating a family would be a planned process. It just makes more sense that way.”

“I see.”

Allison took in the slight smirk on Leslie’s face, and she paused her dancing and planted her hands on her hips.

“What does that look mean?”

“You know life never works that way. If it were up to people, one would never be ready for a child, for marriage, for salvation, for practically anything. Why? Because we are not perfect and never will be, but the human mind seems to think that we need such perfections in order to be ‘ready’ for the next phase in life.” He chuckled, and Allison considered his words. “However, it’s okay. The lesson usually resolves itself.”

“You’re right, but some of those things are a must.”

Silence lapsed between them.

“You don’t have any health issues, do you?” Leslie asked.

“Excuse me.”

Both Allison and Leslie turned their attention to Bridgette Valentine.

“I’d like to get a word in with Ms. Sullivan if you don’t mind, darling.”

Oh no, Allison thought. Just when she was sure Mrs. Valentine would take Leslie off her hands, it was quite the opposite.

“Sure thing, sweetheart, after this dance.” Leslie released Allison’s hands and took Bridgette’s, pulling Mrs. Valentine in for a dance. The matriarch laughed with a haughty guffaw, tossing her head back as her breasts collided with her husband’s chest.

“You don’t mind, do you, Allison?”

“Oh no!” Allison said quickly. “Not at all, you two have fun.”

Leslie winked at Allison, and Allison was grateful for the reprieve. Her hips swayed as she speed-walked across the room to the bar where she lifted a glass of champagne and took a sip. The warm alcoholic beverage eased down her throat, and the bubbly rested in the pit of her stomach. She took in a deep breath then willed herself to turn and peer at Lance. He was still across the room speaking to Raphael as Allison ran her eyes over his exquisite length. The braided locs of his hair were neatly arranged and pulled off his face to tread down the back of his head where they tapered off at his neck. The salmon pink jacket kissed his broad shoulders and biceps, and the green pocket square peeked from within his suit top pocket. Raphael nodded and laid a hand on Lance’s shoulder in what Allison felt was a reassurance nod. It didn’t look as if Lance believed him, but his attention was stolen when his gaze left his brother and journeyed across the room to meet hers.

On an intake of breath, the corner of Allison’s lips quirked, and she tossed up a hand in a soft wave before closing her palm back around the champagne glass. It wasn’t as if she needed two hands to hold the tumbler, but for reasons unknown, nervous energy attacked her body as he continued to stare her down.

Lance leaned toward Raphael whispering in his ear. He then slapped Raphael on the shoulder and returned his gaze to Allison. He winked, and she winked back then his legs moved in a leisurely stroll around the room. Instead of coming across the floor, he meandered alongside the wall, and Allison didn’t notice until she was in motion that she too was moving alongside the interior on her side of the room. Past tables of hors d’oeuvres, she watched him watching her with his hands thrown in his pockets, hypnotizing her with a laser like gaze, dark and penetrating. As he passed an arrangement of roses, Lance reached over and pulled a single long stem flower from within its bouquet. He feathered the petals along his top lip, never pausing his stride around the room, on a path to meet her in the center.

When their stroll ended, they were seconds from one another as if meeting up at a planned time and destination had been their intention all along. Allison eyed the cut of his formation, standing stock like a Mandingo warrior in a custom fitted suit that begged for Allison to free him of the cashmere silk material. Lance, on the other hand, remembered the hungry search of Allison’s mouth and the heat of her skin in his palms. Libidos rose, breaths hitched when suddenly, Allison’s pulse accelerated—not from the excitement she’d felt with being in his presence. No, this was different, reckless, unstable.

Her vision stretched, then there were two of him. Oh no, not now. She blinked and tried to shake the sudden dizziness, but it only elevated, and before she could react properly, Allison was falling.





Chapter Three





Lance saw the faraway look in Allison’s eyes and intervened before she plummeted to the floor. In a quick two step towards her, he caught Allison in his arms, sweeping her easily into his chest.

“Allison?”

Concern washed over his face, and her hand braced over the breadth of his torso as her head continued to spin. Giving into the gravitational pull, Allison’s temple fell into his chest, and she whispered, “Water.”

Lance went down on bended knee, taking Allison with him and positioning her bottom on his thigh. She continued to lean into his chest just as Lance turned to the guests gathering around them.

“Get her some water, please!”

Glancing back at her dreary gaze, he instinctively pressed two fingers against her neck to check her pulse. It was beating erratically, as if she’d just finished running a race.

“And somebody call an ambulance!” Lance added.

“No…”

He frowned down at her. “You need to be checked out by professionals, your pulse is—”

“I’ll be okay in a minute, just give me a second … please.”

A glass of water materialized as London Jones appeared at their side.

“An ambulance is on the way,” London informed the two.

“I said no,” Allison reiterated.

London glanced from Allison to Lance questionably.

“Love, they’re already on their way. I don’t think we can call them off.”

Allison shut her eyes tight and fought the concurrent spin in her head.

“Here, drink some water.”

Lance placed the glass to her lips, and Allison drank until the glass was half-empty. The cool lacing of the fluid made her recover almost instantly.

“Better?”

“Yes,” she paused. “I don’t want to go to the hospital. It’s just another unnecessary bill to pay.”

“Don’t worry about the bill. It’s not something you’ll have to contend with.”

She lifted her head and gazed at him. “Lance…” she sighed. “Thank you for your generosity, but that’s not necessary.

Lance’s thick brows knocked against one another in a frown. He opened his beautiful mouth to respond.

“Really, this doesn’t require an emergency room visit. I’m coming around.” She drank the rest of her water and felt pulled by the trepidation in his gaze.

“Oh my God!”

To their left, Camilla Valentine rushed through the crowd still decked out in her salmon pink body-hugging dress. The bride’s gown was more cocktail dress in style, stopping right at her knees in a ruffled flair of her signature sorority green. On her heels with his hands laced in Camilla’s, Hunter’s furrowed mask revealed itself, and the disorderly arrangement of his necktie and button-down shirt told a brief story of what the newlyweds had been up to.

Camilla dropped to a closed leg squat in front of Allison and Lance.

“I’m so sorry, we were - uh…”

“You’re good,” Allison interrupted. “I’m sorry, I’ve been feeling great all evening, I didn’t expect,” she paused. “Well, I was hoping there would be no difficulties.” Allison felt as if she could disappear. With all eyes on her and more concerning faces growing by the minute, a flair of anxiety coursed its way through her.

She cleared her throat. “If you don’t mind, I’m going to call it an evening and go lie down.”

“No, not at all – of course not,” Camilla and Hunter answered in unison.

“Thank you.”

Allison turned to glance at Lance. “Thank you for lending yourself as my chair,” she joked. “I think I’ll be okay.” She rose to her feet and swayed slightly.

Lance clutched her waist and rose to his feet. “How about I take you home?”

She didn’t even try to deny him. Allison nodded, and Lance held on to her as they strolled through the sea of people. At the exit, he reached over and grabbed a bottle of water off a nearby table then cleared the room. A slap of hard heels panged against the floor as Corinne rushed into the area.

“What I miss,” she asked.





“If you don’t mind, I’d like to stay a while.”

Lance ran a treading finger alongside Allison’s face where he tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. They were parked in Allison’s driveway, resting against the leather seats of his Lamborghini. She glanced at her condo then turned back to him.

“I don’t want to take up your time, Lance. If I were not all right, I would tell you so.” She lifted the bottle of water and waved it slightly. “As long as I’m hydrated, I’ll be fine.”

Lance’s brows furrowed. “I’d feel much better if you let me be the judge of that,” he responded.

“But—”

“Do you have a boyfriend, Allison?”

She shut her lips tight, and her brows shot up. “No.”

“A roommate?”

“No.”

“Do your parents live with you?”

Allison blinked several times, trying to figure out where this line of questioning was going.

“No,” she said.

“Then there’s no one inside to help you should you need it, and after tonight, I can’t very well leave without making sure with absolute certainty that you’re okay. Unless of course you want to take a visit to the nearest E.R. to get checked out.”

Allison pressed her lips tightly together then let out a huffing sigh. She tried to remember the state of cleanliness she’d left her apartment in while getting ready for Camilla’s wedding.

“If you insist.”

“I do,” he said, opening his door. The Lamborghini door closed with a soft click after Lance removed himself. On the passenger side, he lifted the door’s wing and reached for her hand.

Allison’s feet exited first, and with a tug from Lance, she was up on the scope of his chest.

“Careful,” his deep voice drummed. “I don’t want you spinning again.”

Allison cocked her head to the side. “How do you know I was spinning?”

“I have a medical degree. I don’t put it to much use. My passion is film. Even so, it wouldn’t take a rocket scientist to determine your eyes rolling and your staggered steps were not a sign of dizziness.”

“You have a medical degree?”

“I do.”

“Then technically all that talk about me needing a professional to look me over was nonsense with you being there to examine me yourself.”

“Which is why I’m staying,” he concluded.

Allison smiled. “Okay, Doc, let’s go inside.”

He smirked, then rotated Allison in his arms to move her out of the way of the closing door. They strolled up the sidewalk hand in hand, and after shuffling inside her purse, Allison removed her keys and handed them over to Lance. He drew her into the safety of his solid embrace, locking her in the expansive midst of his broad chest. She closed her eyes and allowed her head to fall back against his build while Lance fiddled with the lock and opened the door.

“Home sweet home,” she said.

They strolled inside, but Lance didn’t release her. With every move she made, Lance kept her tucked in front of him. He closed the door and turned the lock.

“Where’s your bathroom?”

“Uh, around this corner, down the hallway to the left.”

He followed her direction into the darkened condo, shifting along shadows of furniture that stood to trip them on their quest.

“I can turn on a light.”

“It’s not necessary. I can see fine at night. My mother used to swear I was a nocturnal creature. She’d catch me in the refrigerator during the wee hours of the morning at a time when she was on her way to the bathroom.”

He chuckled. “She always wondered how I did it without making a peep when we all knew her to be the lightest sleeper there was. Literally my father couldn’t roll over without waking my mother. But I’ve always been a night owl. It was as normal for me to move around in the dark as it was during the day.”

Their feet padded across the carpet as they entered the room to the left.

“I should’ve mentioned my master bath is in my bedroom.”

They both fell silent. “If you’re not comfortable with me in here, I can stand in the hallway,” he said. “But I’d like to run you a warm bath if that’s okay.”

A tingling commotion jogged down Allison’s spine and spread to her pelvis.

“You’re being genuine,” she said. “Interesting…”

“Why is that?”

“You nearly had me on my back in that conference room. There’s no way I could mind you being in my close quarters now.”

Lance barked out a low simmering laugh, still holding her close. The vibration in his vocals chilled her body, raising goosebumps to the surface that swarmed her flesh.

“That doesn’t give me the right to be in your space, beauty.”

“You’re fine, we’ve come this far. I want you to stay.”

They eyed one another.

“Okay,” he said.

Their footfalls continued their journey to the bathroom where Lance helped Allison down to sit on the toilet. He turned the knob and ran her bath water in the cast iron double ended pedestal tub. As the water rushed in, Lance crouched before her, taking Allison’s hands in his.

His eyes roamed the length of her fingers. “Tell me, what’s going on with you?” His gaze flipped to hers, and Allison sighed. She knew he would ask, eventually.

“I have a condition,” she paused. Lance egged her on with a look. Allison sighed again, her nerves now edgy. “My doctor calls it, orthostatic hypertension. It’s when—”

“Your blood pressure falls when you sit or stand,” he finished. “Lying down usually calms it. That and staying hydrated.”

Allison had almost forgotten that quick that Lance held a medical degree. Just for a second, she imagined him being some lucky girls’ doctor and the hormones he’d surely enact had that been the case. She smiled inwardly and shifted her train of thought.

“Yeah, it causes me to become dizzy at times.”

“It also makes your heart work overtime and constricts your blood vessels to get a failed message to your brain.” He sighed. “When you sit or stand, gravity takes over, pulling your blood to your legs and feet. That causes your pressure to sink and limits the amount your heart pumps to your brain. That’s what causes the lightheadedness.”

“I wouldn’t call it a failed message just a slow one.”

“Is that another joke?” His voice was calm and considering.

Allison smirked. “Not if you didn’t find it funny. I think I may have to retire as a comedian. You haven’t laughed at the last two.”

Lance held a stern eye on her then dropped his head and smirked. When he lifted it again, his unfathomable gaze held an intense dark magnetism.

“Never give up on your dreams,” he said. “If at first you don’t succeed, try again.” His lips dropped a lingering grin. “Besides, I love your jokes. I just can’t hear them for the seriousness of this conversation.

“You’re right, but sometimes it’s better to laugh than to cry.”

His hand tightened around hers. “Have you been crying, Allison?”

She’d spoken too soon. The last thing she wanted was to delve deeper into this conversation. Allison licked her lips.

“In the beginning, it’s all I could do. I didn’t know exactly what was happening to me, and I could literally feel myself free-falling.” She shrugged. “It was scary you know. Last year, I was fine, and then in January, my life changed drastically.”

Lance’s heart constricted listening to the fear threaded in her voice.

“But I’ve gotten used to it, sort of.” She reached behind her ear and tweaked her lobe with a nervous fiddle.

Lance glanced at the tub and added a few aromatherapy beads from a small box that sat on the tub’s corner edge. The infusion of therapeutic scents floated into the atmosphere, and immediately Allison felt calmer.

“There’s usually another health issue that accompanies orthostatic hypertension.” He paused, giving her time to analyze what he would ask next.

It was then that Allison went silent. Her thoughts traveled back to Lance’s father, Leslie. The last question he’d asked was if Allison had health issues. She didn’t get a chance to answer before Mrs. Valentine interrupted them, and somehow, she knew if Leslie found out her health history, he might tell Lance to run for the hills. She swallowed nervously but didn’t answer him. In response, Lance nodded in understanding.

“All right,” he said, standing to his feet. “Maybe later.”

The strength in his rise and the closeness of his proximity made Allison think hard about who she was dealing with. Lance Valentine, an award-winning director with critically acclaimed credits. His schedule was air-tight being one of the most influential people in Hollywood. And here he was in her bathroom, clearly worried about the state of her health. She must have been dreaming to think that they could be more. True, his father had eluded to it, and she could understand why, but the more she watched his beautiful, intimidating stare, Allison decided it was a complete fairytale to believe it.





Chapter Four





The night hadn’t lasted long enough, and that was telling, considering he’d watched her for eight solid hours. In her living room, Lance stood in Allison’s windowpane, staring at the quiet neighborhood that surrounded her two-bedroom condo. His mind was in a constant shuffle as he contemplated everything from Allison’s health to the way his heart churned when in her presence. The despair on her face when she told her story and the horrified expression he’d witnessed after asking her more questions about her health worried him to death. But why? He was still getting to know Allison, even though he felt as if he’d known her for a lifetime. It was true, Lance held a love for the common human being, but this was different; terrifying even. As if he stood to lose someone that meant the world to him should something happen to her. How mystifying. He’d moved from his post in front of the window and trod back to her bedroom to stand and watch her there.

The rise and fall of her chest made his gut churn even more, and the flutter in his heart cast that enigmatic spell over him again. His mind conjured images of witnessing her eyes fog, as if venturing off into the distance. Then she stumbled, and her arm reached out to brace her fall. His heart stopped; actually, paused a beat before kicking into a fast-paced rhythm. The last time Lance felt worry like that was, well … never. And it was something his heart couldn’t combat with. He couldn’t leave her side after that. He knew she would pretend as if everything was okay. And even if she was fine now, he still couldn’t force himself to let her be. The overwhelming need to stay was more potent than his next intake of breath.

His thoughts shifted to roam over their dates and the impromptu meet ups they’d had. Hurricane relief was a charity Lance donated to, but after Hurricane Jasper, he’d chosen to contribute by volunteering. Hunter, Xavier, and he traveled to Florida where Hurricane Jasper had destroyed land, property, and homes on its wrath through the sunshine state months prior. Lance knew Camilla and Corrine would be in attendance, but he was pleasantly surprised to see Allison.

“Beauty…” he had said.

The smile that lit up her face rocked him as it always did.

“I didn’t expect to see you here,” she’d practically swooned.

Lance’s pleasure transformed into a smile that spread across his own debonair face.

“And what a lovely unexpected surprise it is.”

He rubbed his hands together and gauged the fitting skinny jeans that traced over her ample hips and drove down Allison’s thick thighs. The hurricane relief shirt was tied in a knot against her belly button and her hair had been swept up in a tight bun.

That day, they’d help redesign the interior of a home; painting the drywall while playfully slinging a coat of the gray color in a splatter on one another. He remembered her shrieks when he scooped her up and twirled her around as she fought back with strokes of paint against his back with her brush.

He’d felt even closer to her then, but on the second impromptu run in at a food drive sponsored by Howard University, Lance knew she was a giver and a lover of the people with a heart of gold. He didn’t comprehend the feelings he had then. It was on another scale of desire; the kind that made his heart warm and his dick kick like a bull.

“Here you are, again…” he’d said.

“And here you are.”

They stood eye to eye, remaining close to one another as they served food to the homeless people of Chicago.

Standing in his musing, Lance remained posed as if he were her guardian angel, with a shoulder propped into the doorjamb, his arms folded, and legs crossed at the ankles. After a long stretch, he moved to the kitchen where he searched her cabinets for something strong that would keep him awake. He found gin and coffee in the same cupboard and had to wonder if she mixed them for a wild concoction. The more he thought about it, the more Lance decided it might not be that bad of a mix, but his thoughts were interrupted when the pill bottle in the far corner caught his attention.

Without instruction, Lance reached for the bottle and pulled it out of its hiding place. His eyes strolled across the label: Metformin ER 500 MG Tablet. He dropped his hand slightly and cruised the other over his face. She was a diabetic. According to her medicine, type two. That must have been the root problem that flared the orthostatic hypertension. It all made sense now. He’d noticed her walk past every table full of baked treats at the wedding reception. Instead, she stopped and picked at tables laden with bowls of fruit. He bore witness to her shuffling through her food as if she was uncertain about how it would taste. But it wasn’t the taste at all that concerned her. It was the carbohydrates; too many could be life threatening, and the countless requests for water were now understood completely.

Lance snapped out of his thoughts and slid her medicine back where he found it. The need for a strong elixir had been replaced by the urgency to be near her again.

His strides took him back to Allison’s room where he watched her silently for the remainder of the night.

Now, sitting in his studio, Lance couldn’t think of anything or anyone other than her.

“Boss.”

Lance’s head snapped to attention, and the distant look in his gaze faded as his vision cleared.

“Did you hear anything I just said?”

His eyes fluttered back to his computer monitor then Lance rested against his leather chair.

“I’m sorry, what were you saying, Michelle?”

Michelle Bayard peered at Lance. She was a young actress newly hired for the lead role in his new film Midnight on the Alps. The movie was a true-to-life story about a group of young adults who risk their mortality during the coldest winter in the mountains of Europe. Lance had cast the original team of rescuers to play their part, and he wanted to offer lead roles to up and coming actors and actresses alike.

“I was asking if we were starting today with Shawn’s nightmare scene or Patrick and my kissing scene?”

“We’ll start with Shawn. I’ll be there in a minute.”

Michelle nodded, and the loose sandy brown curls on her head shook. She turned and strolled to the door with an extra sway in her petite hips. “Do you need anything?”

“Huh,” Lance peered at her with question. He’d gone back into a daydream just that quick.

“Are you okay?” Michelle asked.

He cleared his throat. “I’m fine, and no, I don’t need anything.” He smiled softly, and Michelle smiled back.

“Okay.” She turned and sashayed out of his office.

When Lance heard the door close with a snap, he reached for his cell phone and sent Allison a text.

Good morning, beauty. Did you make it to work okay?

He sent the message then waited patiently for her to respond. After a few minutes, he lifted his phone to send another text, but it was interrupted by an incoming message from Allison.

Of course, you dropped me off, remember?

He did remember, but still, he felt compelled to ask. Another message from her came through.

Do you think you’ll have time for lunch?

A smile flickered across his lips.

For you… yeah.

Even as he sent the message, Lance was trying to figure out why he felt a natural calmness in his spirit. She’d put him at ease. How and why was he anxious to begin with?

Oooh now I feel special ;)

His bark was a deep intoxicating laugh that solidified his pleasure of her words. He sent back a quick text then rose to his feet to begin the workday.

Now that joke made me laugh.

She sent back a winking emoji, and Lance straightened his posture then slipped his cell inside his pocket, headed for the director’s chair.





At WTZB, Allison sifted through the day’s featured stories. A condominium in the south caught fire and burned down overnight. Two people, an elderly woman and her husband, perished from smoke inhalation. Allison grimaced and thought of her parents. They weren’t pushing ninety, but with each birthday Allison celebrated, she couldn’t help but think of their older years. She was detained in that train of thought before she shook it off. Who was she kidding? Her parents were older but healthier than she was. At the rate of her health, Allison would be fortunate to see their age.

She exhaled a puff of breath. Lately, when she’d felt the anxiety mounting from her diagnosis, Allison wanted to take to the bar and have it out with her favorite mixture of gin and juice. There were no carbohydrates in the liquor, and she could stand a twinge of the sour alcohol more times than she cared to admit. Allison marked the burning condominium as a featured story and ran through the rest of the reports. Jordan and Phoebe Alexander Rose were back in the news with their law firm Rose and Garnett LLC.

“Another big win,” Allison murmured.

She marked that as a featured story then paused when her eyes read over her name highlighted in black:

Hunter and Camilla Valentine were wed this weekend, kicking off an extravagant party at the Willis Tower downtown. The beautiful couple celebrated well into the late hour until one of their guests, an Allison Sullivan who happens to be the assignment editor at WTZB suddenly fell ill. There’s no update on Ms. Sullivan currently, but we’ll keep you posted.

“Who the hell wrote this,” she said to herself. That was the thing about hanging out with celebrities, local or national. Eventually, you would end up in the news. “How apropos, considering,” she said.

Instead of ignoring that story, Allison marked it off to run. What she would do is adjust it to make sure all worries were put to rest about her “sudden illness” as the reporter put it. That meant she would have to get in front of the camera. With the seven years she’d worked for WTZB, Allison could count on one hand how many times she’d been reporting. Those were minor but emergent like during the few weeks the station was without a journalist.

This time would be a little different because she was the story. Truthfully, Allison had just recently gotten comfortable with the fact that this was her life now, so having to be honest with the world about her condition wasn’t something she looked forward to. Nevertheless, if she learned anything being in the media profession, it was whenever there was an issue raised, the quickest way to move past it was address it. Whenever someone tried to hide something, it lingered and brought forth more questions. So, it was decided, even before Allison got a real chance to dwell on it.

Gerald Meyers and Camilla Augustina normally reported the morning segment. But since Camilla’s marriage to Hunter, the intro was changed, and when her picture floated across the screen, Augustina was replaced with Valentine. The light turned green, signaling the live recording that began with Gerald kicking off their greeting.

“Good morning, Chicago, I’m Gerald Meyers. My co-anchor Camilla Valentine is currently on her honeymoon with now husband Hunter Valentine.” His smile was bright, and his face lit up as he spoke. “Today, we have Allison Sullivan to keep me company,” Gerald turned slightly to Allison, “because I’m getting lonely up here all by myself.”

Allison and Gerald laughed.

“Oh, Gerald, I’m sure you don’t mind having the spotlight to yourself.”

“Ouch!” Gerald said. “Tell me what you’re really trying to say,” he joked.

Allison chuckled and turned to the monitors. Although she preferred to be behind the scenes, she was just as natural as Gerald. Her eyes were highlighted, and her smile perfected as she spoke about the early morning reports. They started with the sad news of the burning condominiums. That report went on long enough that when they broke for commercial, it gave Allison time to march right into her story, which she did, with her picking up on the segment after the cameras began to roll again. The witticism in her caused Allison to make light of the issue. She needed it not to sound like a critical illness even though at times it felt as if it was.

“Believe it or not, Gerald,” she said, “many people suffer from orthostatic hypertension. One in one hundred teenagers and adults, as well as one out of three million Americans.”

“Wow,” Gerald responded. “That’s almost everybody.”

Allison nodded. “But for me it’s increasingly manageable by the day. Staying hydrated, adding a little salt to my diet, and my doctor instructs me to wear compression socks.”

“You don’t sound so happy about the compression socks.”

Allison held a graceful smile. “It’s not my favorite in the wardrobe that’s for sure.”

The two of them laughed again.

“Well, it’s good to know you’re on top of things and that you may answer a few questions for others who have the same symptoms.”

Allison nodded. “I would like to point out if anyone out there is indeed having these indicators, consult your doctor first. Treatment can be different depending on an individual’s medical history.”

Gerald nodded. “And that’s with anything.”

“Yeah, it is.”

Gerald shifted the topic with ease speaking about one of Chicago’s favorite families when Rose and Garnett LLC were brought up. Allison wanted to object about the “favorite families” line Gerald used because in her opinion, that title belonged only to the Valentines; however, she managed to remain poised and keep her wits about herself. The segment went on for another ten minutes before the final commercial and the weather was announced. When the cameras stopped rolling, she was approached by the station’s owner, Avery Michele.

“That’s the way you handle a situation,” Avery said.

Allison smiled and nodded. “It had to be done. We all know it. Sooner or later, anyone of us could be the featured story of the day.”

“Yeah, but that’s more likely to happen when you’re hanging out with the Valentines.”

A blush fell over Allison’s face.

“What’s that I see, a blush is it,” the owner asked.

“You know, you’ve been in my business ever since I got this gig seven years ago.”

They both laughed. Allison and Avery had drawn closer to each other being the new faces in broadcasting and both being African-American women. Avery inherited the business from her late-grandfather, and her first day as owner was Allison’s first day as assignment editor.

“You know, I couldn’t help but notice that Lance Valentine was your chauffeured groomsman.”

“And how did you know that?”

“Oh girl,” Avery waved her off, “you haven’t seen the newspaper yet, huh? The pictures are there. Maybe not all of them, but photos of the entire wedding party including yourself and Lance staring at each other like you’re the only two in a haze of clouds are front row and center.”

“Front row and center?”

Avery nodded.

“I’m surprised Bri hasn’t reached out yet,” Allison mumbled, referring to her longtime friend and wedding planner Bri St. James.

Bri and Allison attended the same junior high school and lived on the same block growing up. Now Bri owned Building Bridges Wedding and Event Planning. She founded it in the 1990s and had won international awards for putting together stellar ceremonies. After becoming closely acquainted with Camilla during her first week at WTZB, Allison made sure to slide Bri’s information over. At the time, Camilla scoffed it off.

“Girl you’re dreaming,” Camilla had said. “There’s no way I’m marrying Hunter Valentine.”

Oh, how Camilla would eat those words now. But you’re having the same thoughts. Allison quickly dispelled that musing, but it lingered anyway like a dangling mistletoe.

Avery’s laugh intruded on Allison’s thoughts. “It may only be a matter of time.”

“True. I’m headed to lunch,” Allison quipped.

Avery checked her watch. “Hot date?”

Allison smirked. “Maybe.” She stuck her tongue out and strolled to her office with new thoughts of Lance filling her head.





Chapter Five





“Hey Mom, how are you?”

Allison sat the phone on her shoulder and searched her purse for the vegan lip balm she kept on hand.

“I haven’t heard from you all weekend, and I was hoping we could catch up. Have you had lunch?”

“Uh…” Allison removed the cell phone from her ear and glanced down just as a text notification highlighted the screen. “Not exactly, I’m on my way to lunch now, but—”

“Oh good, I’ve always wanted to take you to Cabanas. Their Caribbean food tastes just like it came from the islands.”

“Is this the place on Shannon and Mulberry that you mentioned before?”

“Yes, you remembered!”

“Of course.”

“I can meet you there in fifteen minutes. Will that give you enough time to arrive?”

Allison opened her mouth to respond. She and her mother’s relationship had always been airtight. They didn’t go but a few days without checking in with one another. However, some people would consider Mrs. Sullivan pushy. Allison included. She would never tell her mother because that would unintentionally hurt her feelings. Mrs. Sullivan was the type that wouldn’t come around because she thought you felt she was interfering in your life; which she did often, but that didn’t mean Allison wanted their relationship to change. She loved her mother, and their planned outings, and their phone conversations. But, it was times like this, when Allison had prior arrangements, that she wanted to tell her mother just plain ole no.

“Mom, I did have plans for lunch, so we can meet, but it would need to be brief.”

“Oh.”

Mrs. Sullivan quieted, and after a second of neither one of them talking, she spoke up. “Well, I don’t mean to be a bother. Just call me when you have time for old mommy dearest.”

Allison sank her hand in her forehead and shook it. Cue the theatrics, she mouthed silently to herself.

“Mom, you're not a bother, please don’t start that. Just meet me at Cabana’s, will you?”

Mrs. Sullivan waited a full fifteen seconds before saying, “Well, if you insist.”

Allison crossed her eyes. “Okay see you in a minute.”

“Okay, too-da-loo.”

The called ended, and immediately, Allison dialed Lance. The phone rang twice when his baritone vocals drummed through the receiver.

“I’ve been missing you all day.”

A smile stretched so wide on Allison’s mouth it made her face tight. It was in that instant she realized how much she looked forward to seeing him again. She bit her bottom lip.

“Have you now?”

“Yes, ma’am.”

She shivered under the nocturnal strum that tickled her ear.

“I’m sure you’ve been busy with taking calls from top executive producers, or A-list actresses perhaps,” she teased.

“Nah, those are business calls that come in daily. This here is personal and something I find myself looking forward to before the day’s end.”

Allison was apprehended in the bundle of restless energy that captured her.

“Personal?”

“Yeah.”

She shut her eyes and wished upon a star that this call was about to go differently.

“I’d like to talk to you about something, but not over the phone. Are we still on for lunch?”

With her eyes still closed, Allison winced. “That’s what I was calling about.”

“Uh oh, you’re getting ready to cancel on me.”

“Not cancel, just push back. My mother chose this time to decide she wanted to catch up, so…”

“That’s not a problem. I’d love to meet your mother.”

Allison’s eyes widened. He would? Now the butterflies in her stomach practically tore her apart with their fluttering. Lance Valentine in the same room with Margaret Sullivan—oh the interview that would take place.

“I don’t know about that,” she said.

“Too soon?”

Allison went silent. Lance’s choice of delivery made it sound as if they were courting, which they were not. She would have remembered if that topic had taken place.

“Why would you want to meet my mother? We’re not dating.”

“A small technicality that can be fixed promptly.”

She pressed her lips together to stifle a grin then bit her lip again.

“Allison, I find myself anticipating being with you. Your quirky jokes, sparkling laughter, and beautiful personality have me intrigued. My desire for you is plentiful. Do you find that strange?”

Allison’s heartbeat was out of control. She reached for her nearby bottle of water, opened the top, and took a big swig, then licked her now hot lips.

“Yeah, I seem to have that effect on millionaires.”

Lance’s smile stretched so wide you could see all thirty-two of his teeth. But with his silence, Allison assumed her attempt at another joke had gone array, again.

“You know, if I have to say that was a joke every time I’m clowning, then I’m inclined to think you don’t find my quirky jokes funny at all.” She smirked, and Lance shook his head.

“Let me meet you and show you just how much I adore your teasing.”

“Hmm, teasing from me is on a whole other level, babe.”

Lance barked out a contagious laugh that sent a swirl of energy sliding down Allison’s spine. He loved how comfortable she was with her sexuality.

“Yeah, that’s what I’m talking about,” she continued with her jesting, “make my day, handsome.”

The profound chuckling from Lance fizzed out slowly. “Handsome, huh?”

“Yeah.”

“Now, there’s nothing you can do to stop me from crashing your lunch date with … Mrs. Sullivan, is it?”

“Yeah.”

“At?”

“Cabana’s.”

“I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.”

“Um, make it twenty, if you don’t mind.”

“Okay, twenty it is.”





Chapter Six





“There’s my baby girl.”

Mrs. Sullivan stood from her seat, wrapped in a Vera Wang sweater with sleeves that hung like the wings of a bat on her arms but didn’t drape past her belt buckle.

“Your very classy in that sweater, Mom. It’s perfect for the introduction of this fall weather.”

They opened for a hug and drew one another in.

“You know your father picked this sweater out. He said the auburn color of it reminded him of the leaves on the ground which in turn made him think of the dark ginger color of my eyes.” She batted her lashes for extra effect, and Allison laughed.

“I can see that,” Allison said with a smirk. “How are you?”

“Oh, I’m fine now that my favorite girl is here.”

Allison chuckled and pulled from her mother’s soft embrace to face her head-on.

“I’m your only girl, Ma.”

“Yeah even if you weren’t, you’d still be my favorite.”

They both laughed, and Allison and Mrs. Sullivan blew air kisses then took their seats.

“I had the server bring us our drinks,” Mrs. Sullivan paused. “Well, wine for me, water for you.”

“Wine? So early in the day?”

“It’s never too early for wine.”

Allison positioned her handbag in the seat next to her hip then pursed her lips as she looked over at her mother. Allison was a mirror image of her mother, Margaret; cocoa brown skin, feline eyes, slim nose, and pouty lips. Margaret’s hair was a mixture of salt and pepper, something Mrs. Sullivan had just become accustomed to.

“So, have you taken your medicine today?”

“Yes.”

“What about yesterday?”

“Yes, Mother, I take my meds every day.”

Allison glanced around the restaurant when her mother leaned forward and whispered, “You know I only ask because I love you. I want you to be okay. It’s important that you take your medicine, and I’d prefer you do it at the same time, every day. You know I have high blood pressure. I don’t want that to be the next thing you end up with. It’ll just add to the list of pills you’ll have to take and then when you meet and find a potential husband, they may run for the hills if they see a laundry list of pills lining your medicine cabinet. Poor fella might think you’ll croak over on any given day.”

“I’m only taking one pill a day. Two hardly makes that a list, but I understand what you’re saying,” Allison paused. “You would be proud to know that I’m watching what I eat and walking three times a week at the park down the street from my condo.”

“That does please me,” her mother said.

“I thought it would. How’s Dad?”

“Your father is fine. He’s planning a trip to Washington DC that he can’t quit talking about.”

“Are you going with him?”

“You know I’d never let your father go across states without me. He’d lose his own tail.”

Their laugh sparked attention from nearby patrons who glanced towards them with lingering stares.

“Don’t do my father like that. I think he’s well equipped to handle a trip by himself.”

“Oh, baby, you’re too kind.”

They chuckled again.

“When is this trip supposed to take place, and what’s in Washington? Please tell me you’re not going to visit the White House?”

Mrs. Sullivan smirked. “The trip is this Friday, and what’s wrong with visiting the White House?”

The horrified expression on Allison’s face made her mother teeter over in laughter. “Oh, calm down. If I were to visit the White House, it would be for the experience of walking the halls that so many in history have, not to see the president. But that’s not why we’re going. Your father wants to visit the National Museum of African American History and Culture.”

“I would like to go there myself.”

“Well you could join us, you know that.”

“I’ll think about it.”

“What’s there to consider?”

“I may have plans this weekend.”

The table quieted down, and Allison checked her time.

“I saw the newspaper and your segment this morning.”

“I figured you would.”

“Did you have your compression socks on?”

Allison didn’t respond. She turned her head from left to right while lifting her glass of water and taking a sip from her straw.

“That’s a no,” her mother answered for her. “Sweetheart…”

“Mom, listen, don’t scold me. I have everything under control, those socks wouldn’t have fit well with what I was wearing, and I only planned to be without them for a few hours.”

“And look what transpired in that time.”

“You do realize it’s been an entire month since I’ve had any issues at all. This thing is so uncommon that I almost forgot I had it.”

“Then why do I find that so hard to believe?”

“I have no idea.”

Margaret sighed.

“Mom, I’m okay, and I don’t want you to worry.” Allison rushed to change the subject. “There’s someone I want you to meet.”

Her mom’s brow rose, and her eyes held a twinkle of excitement.

“Someone like a man?”

Allison smirked. “Yes.”

“When do I get to meet this man?” In the distance, Mrs. Sullivan’s gaze captured the stride of a tall, confident specimen headed in their direction. She noticed him immediately as Lance Valentine. Knowing he was someone her daughter crushed on from afar, Margaret snapped a finger and whispered as she leaned in again, “Hot tamale, two o’clock.”

Allison’s brows dipped. “Huh?”

Mrs. Sullivan cleared her throat and went to speak again. “I think he’s coming to our table.”

Allison was slow in moving. By the time she realized what was going on, Lance was upon her.

“Good afternoon.”

The dark drum of his soothing voice filled Allison with an array of warmth. Her pussy thumped, and her body shifted as she worked to calm a quiver. Looking over her shoulder, Allison’s eyes connected with the piercing stare of Lance Valentine, and with another step, he stood beside their table with a bouquet of roses in both hands.

“Beauty…” he said, giving Allison an improper once over. Lance’s gaze shifted to Mrs. Sullivan, “Twins,” he said. Lance glanced between Allison and her mother. “You didn’t tell me you had a twin.”

Mrs. Sullivan smiled from ear to ear, her cat-like eyes dipping and fluttering with appreciation. Allison smirked and chuckled a bit, catching Lance’s wink as he glanced at her again.

“For you,” he said, offering the roses to each of them.

“Thank you,” they sang.

“Mother, this is Lance Valentine; Lance, this is my mother, Mrs. Margaret Sullivan.”

Mrs. Sullivan held out her hand gracefully, taking a close eye over his well-built stock shoulders, tailored Brioni suit that fit him so immaculately each edge of his physique was accommodated by the material.

“I know who Lance Valentine is. So, does everyone who’s got their camera phones out recording right now.” Mrs. Sullivan beamed and lifted her chin. “Have a seat, Lance. My daughter didn’t tell me we would be on the evening news.”

A smooth rising laugh seeped from his throat.

“Let me be the one to apologize,” he said. “I didn’t give Allison much of a choice.”

Mrs. Sullivan’s arched brow revealed her surprise again. “Is that so?” She placed her nose in the bouquet with her brow still lifted as her eyes peered over the tip of the petals at Lance. “Are you two in a courtship?”

Allison felt the coloring in her cheeks as they warmed.

“No, but I came here today hoping that Allison wouldn’t say no to that possibility.”

Margaret glanced at Allison and held her eye there.

“What?” Allison murmured.

“The man asked you a question.”

Oh brother, Allison thought. Lance grinned.

“I’d like to take you out on a proper date,” Lance offered. “However, the plans that I have for us require a few days of your time.”

Allison’s eyes lurched, and her body squirmed at his word usage. “Plans?”

“Yes.”

“For us?”

Lance chuckled. “If you’ll allow it.”

“A few days?”

“Girl, what are you, a broken record,” her mother cut in.

Lance chuckled again and swiped his chin with a finger.

“Don’t you have that vacation coming up?” Mrs. Sullivan interjected. “Yeah, every year around late-October, early-November, you take a five-day vacation. Isn’t that right, or am I in the wrong season?”

Allison twisted her lips and peered over at her mother. Lance stifled a laugh. Mrs. Sullivan reminded him so much of his own mother with her meddling ways. He surmised, they’d get along great.

“I do have that vacation on the horizon, but you know this year, I wanted to plan the fundraiser for …” Allison cleared her throat and lowered her voice while giving a glance to Lance then returning her stare to her mother. “The American Diabetes Association.”

Uncomfortably, Allison tucked her legs underneath her seat and crossed them at the ankles. When she stole a look at Lance again, his gaze hadn’t extinguished the fire that constantly burned for her there. And she didn’t disclose her surprise although she felt it.

“Could you use some help with that,” he asked. “I know a few venues that would be ideal for a fundraiser.”

Allison shifted again. “I’ve already narrowed down the places I can afford to rent out, so thank you, but that won’t be necessary.”

Lance didn’t want to pressure her. So, he allowed Allison to have the final word; nevertheless, he wouldn’t give up on asking if he could join. Not by a long shot.

“You’ve got everything in place by now, don’t you, darling?” Mrs. Sullivan spoke up. “Surely you could take a day or two to spend some time with Lance.”

“It’s quite all right,” Lance intervened. “Whenever she’s ready, I will be, too.”

The server strolled up to the table. “Will there be three?”

“No.”

It was Lance who’d spoken. Allison looked at him quizzically.

“I’m leaving shortly, but their lunch is on me,” he said to the server.

Allison reached out to touch him, covering her hand over his. “Do you have another meeting,” she asked.

His pervading gaze rose from her fingers up to her soft brown eyes.

“No, but I should let you and your mother dine alone. You and I can get together another time.”

“But I want you to stay.”

Her confession surprised him. At first, Allison seemed a bit uncomfortable with his presence or maybe it was her mother. He couldn’t tell just yet but wanted to spare her if it was indeed him.

“Are you sure, I don’t mind dining with you another time.”

Allison’s soft smile ran through his heart like a flutter.

“And we will at another time, and right now. I want you to stay.”

They eyed one another as the seconds ticked past.

“In that case,” Lance returned his attention to the server. “Yes, there will be three.”





Chapter Seven





After ordering their food and listening to Mrs. Sullivan chirp on about the trip to Washington DC, she finally paused long enough to shift the conversation to Lance and Allison.

“So, where exactly do you plan to take my daughter, Lance, or should I call you Mr. Valentine?”

Lance’s grin charmed both Allison and her mother, and his gaze shifted between the two.

“I’m taking her to a place that will restore, rejuvenate, and replenish her mind and body.” His gaze met Allison’s, and he spoke again. “It is my belief that when our visit is over, it will increase her overall health.”

“Lance, that’s very sweet of you,” Allison said, “but I told you, this thing is not that big of a deal.”

The piercing of his heavy eyes seared right through Allison. It made her squirm and a little self-conscious.

“What,” she asked, unable to bear his strenuous gaze.

“Yes,” he said, “You did tell me that, and I told you that I have a medical degree. Health is not just physical. Everything is connected to your health. Your state of mind especially.”

He paused a moment, remembering the conversation they’d had in her bathroom while waiting for her tub to fill.

“Sometimes it’s better to laugh than to cry.”

His hand tightened around hers. “Have you been crying, Allison?”

He’d watched her intensely, wanting the truth but understanding if she couldn’t give it to him at the time.

“In the beginning it’s all I could do. I didn’t know exactly what was happening to me, and I could literally feel myself free-falling.” She shrugged. “It was scary you know. Last year, I was fine, and then in January, my life changed drastically.”

Lance remembered the constriction of his heart, and that tightness remained throughout the night as he watched over her. Something in his spirit motivated him, genuinely wanting to make sure Allison was okay in every way.

The server returned with their meals, cutting through the silent fog at the table. While their dishes were placed around them, Allison felt a cluster of emotions. Anxiety, combative, ambivalence; was she really that transparent? Allison wanted to denounce his claims. There was nothing wrong with her current state of mind, she internally assured herself. Except, well, she did feel as if she was dealing with this issue on her own. Sometimes, in the middle of the night, Allison did lie awake staring at the ceiling, wondering what would become of her life, or her future, if she had one. Thoughts of dying alone did creep into her mind, and regardless of how many times she tried to convince herself that her condition was not that serious, it felt serious in her body…when her head would spin… when she’d lose her balance… when she’d run out of water at a time when she felt the need to replenish herself.

She had no children, no family except for her mom and dad. What would become of her legacy?

Allison considered herself a confident woman but being diagnosed with diabetes made her feel less than stellar; flawed, damaged somehow. She was moderately aware that she felt this disparity on a daily basis.

“It is those thoughts that I’m talking about,” Lance asserted.

Allison’s eyes snapped from the plate of food before her to his attentive, concerned gaze. He’d spoken as if he’d heard her thoughts, which was impossible.

“What are you talking about?”

“I think you know.”

Allison shifted in her seat, unsure of how she felt by his clairvoyance.

“I don’t mean to make you uncomfortable.” He paused. “Actually, it’s the last thing I want to do. I want you to trust me, Allison, but I don’t want to force your hand.”

She smiled warmly and exhaled a soft breath through her lips. For reasons unclear, Allison did trust him. Maybe it was the way in which he eyed her whenever their gazes met, perhaps it was the delight that danced in the pit of her belly whenever he was near. Or possibly, it was the supernatural way in which the universe worked; where she would cross paths with someone who could impact her life on a grand scale. She was a believer of divine intervention, knowing that all things happened for a reason and with their friendship growing ever so beautifully over the last eight months, Allison felt he deserved her trust.

Lance covered her hand with his warm palm, stealing her focus from the faraway place she’d ventured in her mind. Allison’s eyes combed over him, and he returned the venture of her drive with a frank appraisal of his own.

“Think about it. No pressure.”

The edges of her lips lifted. “I’d love to go,” she blurted, getting the words out quickly before she had time to change her mind.

In an instant, pleasure crept into his expression, softening his manly features without stealing the inherent strength of his face.

“Are you sure?”

Allison boasted a beautiful smile. “I am.”

Those words bounced then twisted in Lance’s head, going from I am, to I do. The mix up threw his thoughts into hysteria, causing the beat in his chest to drum; alarmed.

“Did I tell you that you’re beautiful today?”

Allison’s smile stretched to the point of her cheeks stinging.

“I think you called me beauty when you walked through the door, but a girl could never get tired of hearing it.”

Lance and Mrs. Sullivan chuckled at the same time. It was blatant flirtation, and it thrilled Lance and made his heart thump even more.

“Ain’t that the truth,” Mrs. Sullivan added, “Now let’s pray over this food before it gets cold. I don’t know about you love birds, but I’m hungry.”

With smiles on their faces, they connected hands at the table, while Lance led them in prayer. He asked God to bless the food, cover them with His protection, and order their steps, all the while rubbing a sturdy thumb in the center of Allison’s palm. The connection she felt from just a mere touch was nothing like she’d ever sensed before. Lance’s touch was absorbing, power-driven, vivacious. It splintered through her chromosomes, starting at the base of her feet and working its way through her body to cover her shoulders. Like a firework blast that reached its highest peak before driving back down, the sparks set a blaze that made her feel slightly ashamed that she couldn’t get through a single prayer without being completely taken by his touch.

Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned, she thought.

However, Allison repeated her repentance the more Lance continued to rub her palm.





“I’d love to hear more about your fundraiser.”

Allison reached for her napkin and dabbed the corners of her lips. Lance watched as her lashes fluttered his way, and her tongue slipped from her mouth to chase the remnants of food at the corners.

“You would think I’d have all the details together,” she began, “but I don’t.” Allison smirked. “I think it’s important to raise as much awareness on issues that affect us in record numbers. Diabetes happens to be one of them.”

Lance nodded. “Is this your first year hosting a fundraiser event?”

“Yes, and while I have a full vision on how this would turn out, I’ve yet to book the venue. Am I crazy?”

“A little bit,” he joked, then glanced in the direction Mrs. Sullivan had disappeared in when excusing herself to the ladies’ room.

“Well, if there’s any consolation, I’ve got donors lined up to help me kick this thing off, so truth be told, all I have to do is send out the invitations.”

“Unhuh, I don’t know if I believe you. You’re a little behind on planning I think.”

Allison gasped, and her eyes grew along with the smirk across Lance’s face.

“I will, too, get it done! I wouldn’t start something I couldn’t finish.”

“But, baby girl, I’m not sure if you’ve started anything.”

Allison’s nostrils flared, and her eyes heightened even more in surprise. Lance tried with every strong muscle within his face not to light up in laughter. But her appalled look tickled the very ebony flesh he was covered in.

“For your information, I’ll be attending an art exhibit tonight to personally meet with one of my donors.”

“Is that right?” His easy voice grooved.

“It is.”

“So, you’re selling art to raise funds?”

Allison cleared her throat. “Among other things.”

Lance’s brow dipped as they furrowed.

“It’s a two-part auction. For the first forty-five minutes, paintings will be auctioned to the highest bidder.” She paused, and Lance edged her on with the slight nudge from his piercing brown stare. “The second part is a bachelor auction.”

Lance reached for his chin and rubbed his jaw.

“That’s certainly an interesting concept.”

Allison half-shrugged. “I wanted to be different while keeping my guests entertained. And let’s be honest, women will spend money for a date with an honorable bachelor.”

“Who do you have lined up?”

“That portion of the fundraiser is one hour and fifteen minutes long. I hope to auction at least six men off within that time.”

“Six, huh?”

Allison nodded. “But I happen to be short a few men.”

“Really,” Lance said, sounding genuinely concerned but still tickled at the idea of the dual auction.

“Yeah. I originally had our new mayor Luke Steele scheduled to participate. But that was before he got engaged to Jasmine Alexandria Rose.”

Lance nodded. “Understandable.”

“His phone call was interesting though. It seems Jasmine is okay with him going through with the auction since it’s for a worthy cause. She trusts him to be on his best behavior.”

“And why wouldn’t she?” Lance said. “That’s something you must have when you decide to spend your life together.”

The conversation paused, and the two of them eyed each other.

“I agree,” Allison said. “But still, I wouldn’t feel comfortable being a part of that.”

“You’re assuming that Luke taking part in the auction would be bad for his marriage, but he and Jasmine see it as a charity donation, which is what you should also consider.”

“You think so?”

“Yeah. I mean, if you and I were to become a couple, wouldn’t you trust me to be auctioned off without the worry of some wild scandal breaking out behind the date?”

Allison pressed her lips together tightly. If Lance were hers, it would be a cold day in hell before she let another woman go out with him for anything.

“What if I told you it’s not you I’d be worried about. If we’re being real, we know some women don’t care, especially if we’re just dating. However, being married these days seems to be a magnet for side chicks, too.”

With an arched brow, Lance licked his lips then responded, “Have you been in a situation like that before, Allison?”

She murmured something unintelligible under her breath then sighed. “Haven’t we all?”

At the questionable look on Lance’s face, Allison reiterated. “Women, I mean.” She huffed and eagerly changed the subject. “Anyway, as long as you didn’t give me a reason to think so, I guess I see your point about Jasmine and Luke. And, just to prove that I have indeed started putting together this event, you should come to the exhibit tonight and meet one of many donors.”

Lance’s magnificent lips spread the length of his mouth.

“Are you asking me out on a date?”

Flustered, Allison worked to find her tongue but couldn’t manage before Lance charged on, adding to his question.

“Because I would love a night with you out on the town.”

His deep simmering vocals reached out and caressed her skin, causing a shiver to slip down her vertebrae.

“Well … technically, I guess it could be considered a date, but then you won’t be my only guest. You see, my girlfriend Bri St. James will be there as well. She loves art. There’s no way I could go without her.”

“Bri St. James. Why do I know that name?”

Allison smirked. “She was the wedding planner for Hunter and Camilla.”

“Ah!” Lance snapped his fingers. “I don’t think I realized she was your best friend.”

“Yeah, we grew up together. Junior high, and high school, then college.”

“It’s a blessing to carry a friendship for that length of time. There are so many instances that we lose touch with those we once called friends.”

Lance sounded as if he was speaking from personal experience, prompting Allison to ask.

“You missing an old friend?”

Lance rocked her nerves with a devastatingly charming grin.

“I have, but we’re no longer in touch. Such a shame.”

“Do you want to talk about it?”

“Nah, maybe later, yeah?”

“Sure.”

“I do however have a solution to our date problem.”

“Date problem?”

Lance chuckled. “I mean, you said technically we could be on a date, but you have someone else joining us. I’m sure I could get my brother Raphael to join us as well. He is also a lover of art.”

“Is that so?”

“Yes.”

The mention of Raphael made Allison remember the sadness in his eyes when she’d been informally introduced to him in the conference room at the wedding. He was as gorgeous as the rest of the Valentine men, but the burden he carried was obvious by the longing in his gaze and the sullenness on his face.

“Are you sure he would mind being set up on a blind date?”

“I wouldn’t spring something like that on him. The fellas and I have been trying to get him at least on the dating scene. While we don’t want to pressure him into a date, making himself available is something he should try.”

“You’re afraid he’ll end up alone for the rest of his life, aren’t you?”

Lance didn’t answer right away. But after a long silence, he sighed and nodded.

Allison reached across the table and covered his hand.

“You’re a good brother.”

“You think so?”

Allison nodded. “I do.”

This time Lance hadn’t been mistaken when Allison spoke those two significant words. His blood warmed, and his dick hardened. Since when had he ever been turned on by the notion of marriage? He smirked and attempted to shake off his thoughts. It must’ve been the lingering effect of that wedding that hadn’t completely worn off him. But if that was the case, why did Lance find himself collecting Allison’s fingers to thread her hand in his.

“Do you think I’d make a good boyfriend?”

Allison’s face brightened without her knowledge. “I don’t know. Have you ever been in a committed relationship, Lance?”

“Yes, but …”

Intrigued, Allison crossed her legs underneath the table and asked, “But what?”

“I wasn’t ready at the time.”

“So, you cheated.”

It wasn’t so much a question as it was an accusation, and Lance caught it.

“Are you asking me or is that an alternative fact,” he asked.

Recanting, Allison removed her fingers from his and lifted her glass of water for a sip. The cool liquid quenched the sudden thirst she felt, and Lance couldn’t help but trace the remaining water around her posh mouth.

“It’s a question.”

“No, I didn’t cheat, and just for the record, I would never do something as sordid as that. If I wanted other women, I’d stay single.”

Somehow, Allison felt as if they’d left the order of the conversation and ventured to her and him.

“I was young, in my prime, trying to make a name for myself. Love was taking a backseat. I was seeing her less and less. Regardless of that, I was putting myself in the position to take care of us financially, it wasn’t enough. And I understood that. So, we ended things.”

“What’s her name?”

He paused for so long Allison thought he hadn’t heard her.

“Destiny Jameson.”

“Hmm, so you think you’re ready for love now, Lance?”

“I more than think it. I know it.”

A round of rambunctious chills fled through her.

“So why don’t you just get back with Destiny?”

“We’ve both moved on. Everyone has a season. Ours is over. Besides, I’m not interested in a seasonal type of love.” He reached back to connect his fingers with the hand she’d pulled away from him. “I’m in need of an eternal one.”

Allison’s body shuddered again. Staring at her like that had Allison entertaining thoughts of a lifetime with him, so she internally reprimanded herself.

“What about you, Allison? Are you on the market for love?”

The eroticism in her smile tugged at his heart and made his dick leap.

“Maybe I am,” she said teasingly.

“Then you wouldn’t mind my straight forwardness if I asked you to stop taking applications, right?”

Allison giggled and took another sip of her water.

“Because you plan to take me off the market?”

“If you’ll let me.”

Allison tossed her hair off her shoulder with a swing of her head.

“How do you know I’m not a psycho,” she teased.

“I think I’m a good judge of character. However, if I’m mistaken, we can just put you back on the market, right?”

Allison’s mouth widened as she fell to the side in laughter. Mrs. Sullivan made it her business to rejoin them at that very moment.

“Clearly, I missed something worthwhile,” she said.

Still tickled, Allison cupped a hand over her mouth and tried to control her outburst. Lance’s eye twinkled as his lips continued to spread in a gorgeous awe-inspiring smile.

“I was just telling your daughter she’s off the market.”

Mrs. Sullivan’s eyes widened, and as she sat, Lance stood to adjust her chair.

“A man who tells and doesn’t ask. Sounds like an alpha,” Margaret said.

“Your words not mine.” He checked his wrist watch. “Ladies, if you’ll excuse me, I should head back to the studio.” He glanced at Allison. “Thank you for allowing me to dine with you and your twin.” Lance split a glance between the two, and Mrs. Sullivan blushed. “Will you be ready at six, love?”

“She will,” Mrs. Sullivan interjected.

Lance chuckled, thinking once more of how his mother’s meddling antics matched Mrs. Sullivan. Allison crossed her eyes at Margaret then looked over at Lance.

“I will,” she said.

He closed the small space between them, then bent down placing a heated kiss against her temple. When he pulled away, Lance kept his lower leveled gaze on her, making sure to run his eye over her face.

“I’ll see you then,” his deep voice drummed.

Allison couldn’t respond. She simply nodded and watched as he stood to his full height and tilted a head at her mother. “Mrs. Sullivan,” he said in closing, then turned and walked away. Allison glared over at her mother.

“What?”

“What, she says?” Allison mocked. “What was all of that? You didn’t question him into oblivion as you normally would. You act as if you’re ready to marry me off.”

“Maybe that’s because I am.”

Allison gasped. “You don’t even know him.”

“I know all there is to know about Lance Valentine. Remember when you did that exposé on his family? I was right there to watch you dig up the story. Which turned out to not be a story at all.”

“So, you think you know him because of that?”

“Yes, and just being around him for this small window, I know his type.”

“You know his type?”

“Darling, must you continue to repeat everything I say?”

“Well, excuse me, but I am completely in awe over here. Are you clairvoyant, too?”

Her mom chuckled. “I could be, huh, but no, that’s just many years of being on this earth. It’s called wisdom. I’ve seen every kind of man there is to see. Lance Valentine may have everyone else fooled, but not I. He’s the take charge type who knows what he wants and goes after it until he gets it. Don’t get that misinterpreted with the forceful kind either. No, but he wouldn’t start something he couldn’t finish. And he’s got his eyes on you, dear.”

Allison shuffled her food around with her fork in thought, knowing her mother was right but still wondering why Lance was so intrigued with her. Whatever the reason, she was itching to find out.





Chapter Eight





“You did what!?”

“Ssssh!”

Allison glanced quickly around the crowded room, her eyes passing an abstract painting of African-American culture created by Charles White before bouncing back to Bri St. James.

“Is it necessary to be so loud,” Allison hissed.

Bri grabbed her friend’s wrist and pulled her to a more discreet corner of the gallery. Lowering her voice, Bri’s eyes skipped around the museum, then she whispered harshly, “You know good and well I don’t like blind dates. What were you thinking!?”

Allison sighed. “I was thinking, you didn’t have to look at this as a date. It’s not like you’ve never met the guy. Besides, I caught you two staring at one another on more than one occasion.”

Bri tossed her hands up spiritedly. “Well, I had to look at him. He was a part of the wedding party!”

“Would you stop freaking out please?” Allison begged. She glanced around the room again, and luckily no one was paying them any mind. Allison was thankful for it. The last thing she needed was to be embarrassed when she was here to seal the deal on four of the paintings that would be auctioned off at her fundraiser.

Bri huffed. “Okay,” she sighed. “It wouldn’t be so bad if you hadn’t ambushed me at the last minute!”

“How did I ambush you?”

Bri sank her hands into her curvy hips and narrowed her eyes at Allison. When she reached her arms out, Allison swatted her hands away, making Bri’s arms fall back to their sides.

“Don’t do that.”

“Why? Because people will know we’re having a quarrel?”

“That’s exactly why,” Allison responded.

Bri just glared at her friend and swiped her shoulder-length hair behind her ear.

“This is not an ambush,” Allison stated. “Ambushing would’ve been waiting until they arrived and just having you deal with it without telling you a thing.”

Mortified that Allison would consider doing such a thing, Bri’s eyes enlarged and her hands sank back into her hips just as she leaned into one, cutting her eyes further.

A server passed, balancing a sterling silver tray with champagne glasses dressed in a perfect arrangement on the platter. Allison snagged two glasses and handed one to Bri while taking a swig of the other.

Without another word, Bri pursed her lips tightly while continuing to hold on to her glare and simultaneously accepting the glass of bubbly.

“Drink up,” Allison said, “It won’t disappear on its own.”

Bri mumbled then took a sip from her glass. She glanced across the room and caught a reflection of her image in one of the paintings and self-consciously took a hand down her clinging blue knee length dress.

“I can’t believe you,” Bri mumbled.

“I didn’t do anything.”

“What if this is a bad idea? You know Raphael isn’t over his late fiancée.”

Allison tilted her head to the side and squinted at Bri. “Okay, sooo, how do you know that, and why do you care?”

Bri opened her mouth to respond, lifting a finger in mid-air. “Well, if this is a date, wouldn’t he need to be over his ex-fiancée?”

“How do you know he’s not?”

“He told me the flowers we used for Hunter and Camilla’s wedding were her favorite.”

“When did this conversation take place,” Allison asked, now more intrigued.

“It was in passing. I was giving directions when we were at the rehearsal, and it just spilled out of his mouth.” Bri sighed. “Poor guy, I didn’t know how to respond so, I …”

Allison peered at Bri. “You what?”

“I hugged him.”

The startled mystery in Allison’s eyes made Bri go mute.

“You hugged him?”

Bri nodded.

“How did he respond?”

Bri shrugged slightly. “He hugged me back but not without hesitating first.”

“Interesting…”

“Why is that interesting?”

“How long did this hug last?”

“Seriously?”

“Yeah, I need time, minutes, seconds, the whole shebang.”

“Oh my God.” Bri groaned.

“I don’t know maybe a few minutes.”

“Hmm, minutes you say?”

“Yeah,” Bri’s voice lowered, “minutes of some kind of unnatural, intense, chilling heat that I’ve never felt wrapped around me from anyone’s touch before.”

“Intense and chilling,” Allison responded.

“Jesus, you’ve been repeating words your whole life. When will you give that up? I didn’t stutter, did I?”

Allison chuckled. “It’s my thing. You know this. It’s my way of evaluating.”

“And nerve wracking, I might add.”

“You should be used to it by now.”

“Well, I’m not.”

“Let’s talk more about this intense, chilling feeling you had.”

“Yeah, what about it?”

Allison was familiar with Bri’s narrative. She sensed it every time Lance came near. It was an attraction that was so strong it felt destructive, as if giving into her festive spirit would leave her suffocating from a raw desire she couldn’t control. It had crawled up her body and crowded her space during the wedding. While Xavier had given his speech and asked Corinne to marry him, Allison’s hand found her sweet spot as she teased Lance from across the room. That was a prime example of the uncontrollable consummation that drowned her in explicit need. It was too hot to handle and worse, Allison didn’t know if she wanted to control it. Something about the unrestricted abandon led her to believe it was meant for just she and he. That type of emotion could be bad for one’s health. Even now, as she stood there pondering, a sharp sensation of heat crawled down her body.

“Whatever you’re thinking about, you better snap out of it because our men of the hour just entered the room,” Bri quipped, taking a final drink of her champagne.

Allison turned with a slow pivot on her heels. Donned in a light blue suit jacket with the collar open, showing off the thick pillar that was his neck, Lance strolled into the building comfortably with his hands leisurely tucked inside his pants pockets. With an array of confidence in his stride, Allison drove her eyes over his thick shoulders and bulging biceps. Lance’s cuffs were unclasped, and his sleeves rolled up enough to see the visible thin hair that trickled down his muscular arm. A navy-blue button-down shirt rested against his chest and a white pocket square peeked from the pocket of the tailored blazer. At his waist, a black belt shined through the loops of white trousers, and the pants spanned the length of his elongated frame, kissing his thighs just barely before breaking above his Oxford shoes.

A peek of Lance’s ankle was displayed, and more sprinkles of hair tapered off at the bone of his ebony skin.

It had only taken a blink from Lance before his eyes connected with hers as if he’d known all along where she stood inside the room. He studied her openly, with a soft but intense wave of his eyes. They swept over her, sturdy and virile, as if they meant to rattle her from within. It was no use of telling her body not to squirm. It was the only way she’d respond to the dangerous look of his gaze. No sooner than she’d felt the magnetism pull her did Allison shift her weight from one foot to the other. She couldn’t pull her eyes away, locked in the development of his advance.

A head nod here, a polite smile, a quick handshake was what he offered those in passing, but his mission was to get across the room, and only when he reached her would his progression pause. When Lance arrived, alongside him was a spicy scent coupled with an aftershave musk, and a waft of heat from his thoroughbred build. Chills attacked Allison’s skin the longer she stood in his shadow, and they both eyed each other for an eternity before either of them spoke.

“Beauty…”

His eye addressed the opulent radiance of her skin with a close calculation. Lance didn’t call her beauty just for the sake of being charming. In his eyes, the attractiveness of her splendor was unparalleled. The cut of her feline eyes, the bridge of her thin nose, the richness of her full upturned lips. With every blink in her russet gaze, Allison’s heavy lashes created a veil that shadowed her high cheekbones. Lost in the depths of her entrancement, Lance reached for Allison’s hand and brought her fingers to his lips. Heat sizzled her skin, and a ricochet of unsteady chills assaulted her flesh.

“I apologize,” Allison spit out. Lance rose a dubious eye. “About the last-minute change of plans,” she explained. “You were supposed to pick me, or us, up, but I had to be here earlier than I’d realized at the last second.”

A tentative smile spread across his face.

“There’s no need for an apology. It happens.”

“Does it?”

“In this case.”

Allison chuckled.

“You met Raphael,” he asked, motioning to his left.

“Yes.”

Allison barely took her gaze off Lance long enough to acknowledge Raphael, but that didn’t dissuade Raphael from having his own wrestling with Bri’s stare. Both couples were trapped in an impenetrable exploration of the other, and it was only when a mic was tapped did they all blink and pull from their spell.

“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.”

The heavyset man on the microphone glanced around the room as a smile crafted across his plump face. Eyeglasses sat in a frame too tiny for the lenses perched on the conduit of his nose, and he squinted as if the prescription wasn’t strong enough for his brown eyes to see.

“Thank you for coming out to celebrate this retrospective from Mr. Charles White, one of the most gifted artists of the 1900s.”

The crowd cheered with soft claps, smiles, and nods of agreement. Allison lifted her glass to her lips, only to find that it was empty. She almost groaned out loud because the need to feel calmed by the spirit was amplified.

“Should you be drinking?” Lance asked with a lean toward her. His heavy vocals skipped down her flesh and tickled her clitoris. Shit. She wanted to cross her feet and tighten her thighs, but the movement would’ve felt awkward for the occasion.

She cleared her throat and whispered back, “Probably not.”

Allison’s mouth spread, and an undiluted trace of laughter escaped her lips. The low throaty sound coiled around Lance’s heart then speared to his dick, making his shaft pitch in his pants. Her infectious merriment chilled his skin, bringing a flare of heat to his body that he’d never tangled with before. Quite frankly, it knocked him off his feet, and Lance couldn’t deny the pure escapism he’d just encountered from her quick wit. He bit down on his jaw and tightened his mouth to keep from dragging her from her toes to suck her lips down his throat. Fuck.

What type of hedonistic spirit was this, or was it something else altogether? His goal when asking Allison the question was to remind her that there could be consequences to anything she put in her mouth. However, his mind had ventured off to other things she could do with that pretty little mouth of hers, like promise him forever or trace that wet tongue down his...

“I was just kidding,” Allison said.

Jarred from his kinky deliberations, Lance blinked repetitiously then traced his thumb from one corner of her lip to the other as if she’d left something lingering there. He had to touch her; holding back was becoming more of a task than his daily regimen at the gym.

“What?” He asked.

Slightly flustered from his fondling finger, Allison stuttered through her words. “I-I said, I was kidding. You didn’t find my humor funny.” Allison shrugged as a waving vibration caused by the aftershock from his stroking finger continued to assault her. “That’s okay, I’m getting used to it,” she finished.

“I think you have me mistaken.”

“Do I?”

“Absolutely.”

“Then why didn’t you laugh?” Her tongue found the spot his finger had caressed, and she swiped her mouth and swallowed the nerve to jump his bones and embarrass them both.

“Excuse me.”

Pulling their attention away, the gentleman that had once stood before the microphone now stood before them with a smile mounted on his face.

“I don’t mean to interrupt but,” he paused as recognition set in on Lance. “Wait, you’re Lance Valentine,” he said pointing an accusatory finger at him.

“Guilty,” Lance responded.

“Oh, what a lovely night this is turning into. First the mayor shows up, then thee Lance Valentine, Hollywood’s film director extraordinaire.”

“Who’s that?” Lance joked.

Allison smiled then whispered, “See how I laughed just then? That’s how you’re supposed to react even when I’m not funny.”

That brought a smile to Lance’s face, and without thinking, he dropped his lips to her forehead for a quick kiss. The move surprised Allison, but Lance wasn’t finished with her just yet. He slipped a strong arm around her waist and pulled her closer to his side, almost lifting her from her feet.

“Silly girl,” he whispered back then easily turned his attention to the man in front of him. “Thank you for that honorable introduction, but I wouldn’t have known about the galleria tonight had it not been for my love.”

A tremor of heat split down Allison’s skin, and she fought the urge to squirm.

“Oh, so I have you to thank, do I,” the man asked.

Allison pursed her lips and flipped her hands into the air. “It appears so.”

“Well in that case, thank you, Mrs. Sullivan.”

“Miss,” Lance corrected.

The man cleared his throat and placed a flamboyant hand across his chest.

“Oh yes, excuse me, I meant no harm by the salutation. Ms. Sullivan,” he said.

“That’s quite all right,” Lance answered for her. “I’m afraid I didn’t get your name?”

“Oh, where are my manners,” Allison interjected. But she knew exactly where they were; intermingling with all of Lance’s choice of words that were undeniably claiming her as his love. She was still warming up to the reality of them dating, but the feelings of want and longing Lance bestowed was something Allison wanted to drown in. And if he pulled her under, she would definitely lose her breath. “This is Heath Summers, the owner of this art and many others. Heath, you know Lance.”

Her smile was soft and lax, but the heat from Lance’s nearness kept a buzz crawling around her body with an upbeat throb that stretched from her clitoris to the center of her pussy.

“Congratulations on your exhibit, Heath. Charles White was one of my favorites growing up. I have his 1938 The Bridge Party in my study.”

Heaths eyes lit up. “Really,” he boasted then glanced at Allison, “I love a man who can appreciate art, don’t you?”

Allison’s smile deepened; although she wasn’t sure if Heath was flirting with Lance, or if she imagined it. Either way, her arm found its way across Lance’s back where her fingers clutched him tightly at the side.

Lance didn’t miss a beat. “Actually, my brother Raphael is the lover of art more than I am.”

The natural light in Heath’s eyes seemed to beam even more as he took his attention to Raphael, almost completely ignoring Bri.

“As in world-renowned photographer Raphael Valentine?”

Raphael didn’t smile in return; he simply nodded and cut a curt eye at Lance. His brother knew he didn’t like being made a spectacle of in public.

“Speaking of art,” Allison said, bringing Heath’s attention back to her. “The four pieces that we spoke about over the past few weeks, will you be donating those to the fundraiser?”

Allison glanced at Raphael, and his curt nod silently thanked her for the reprieve.

“About that … I’m all for donating to good causes, but I must be honest with you, Ms. Sullivan, I usually donate to causes that will bring clients my way and the only way to do that is if your event will bring in big name people. Do you have anyone who will bring the lights, camera, action?” Heath asked, flipping his hands in the air as if to show the exuberance of what he meant.

“Actually, I do. There’s a possibility that Mayor Steele will be in attendance.”

“Mmhmm that would be big, but possibilities don’t really cut it for me.”

“Also,” Allison held up a finger, “Lance here will be donating his services to the bachelor auction of the event.” It fumbled right out of her mouth without hesitation.

Lance turned his gaze to her and held it there, long and steady. A nervous wave of chills populated on Allison’s skin, and she laughed nervously although no joke had been made.

“Now that would make for the lights, camera, and action, sweetie!” Heath said looking from Allison to Lance. “How nice of you to lend your services. I may just have to bid myself.”

The gruff tone of Lance’s laughter skittered down Allison’s belly further rounding up an audacious exuberance of energy. The pulsation between her thighs was now causing her balance to be affected, and as such, she leaned into Lance’s arms and smiled up at him.

Heath winked. “I would love to donate to your fundraiser. You can pick the paintings up at the end of the exhibition.”

“Thank you so much,” Allison said. They shook hands, and Heath excused himself, moving on to greet other attendees.

“I believe you just used me for your benefit,” Lance said. Allison opened her mouth to object, but there was no objection to be had. “It’s okay, I don’t mind you using me for whatever you need.”

A fire that had already been lit burned in her belly. She smiled, then chuckled and turned her face into his chest, allowing her head to fall against the solid muscle that aligned behind his causal suit.

“I do apologize. I didn’t know what else to say, it just kind of slipped out.”

“I figured as much,” he responded. “But you know that means I’ll have to go on a date with whoever wins the bid?”

Allison did know, and she wasn’t as confident in Lance or whoever his date would be as Jasmine Alexandria Rose was with Luke Steele. Nonetheless, she’d opened the door for this, so she would see it through. A nod made a slip of her hair fall over her face, and Lance curled a finger around it then slipped it back behind her ear.

“You know I can always get one of my brothers to take my place.”

Allison smiled up at him, thankful that he would do such a thing.

“No, it’s okay. I’ve promised him Lance Valentine, Hollywood film director extraordinaire,” she said, repeating the introduction Heath had given Lance.

He chuckled, and his lingering finger trod down her cheek back to her mouth. They needed to get out of there because trying to keep his hands to himself was becoming a thing of the past.

Allison glanced to her left and noticed that Raphael and Bri had moved off to look at more paintings. Reaching for Lance’s hand, she pulled his fingers from her face into the thread of hers. His subtle touches were wreaking havoc on her senses, and Allison didn’t know what to think about the heavy throttle in her chest.

“Let’s walk around, shall we?”

Lance nodded, and together, they explored the galleria.





Chapter Nine





“You should stay.”

Allison’s watchful gaze glazed over Lance’s stock form before shuffling back around his face. In turn, Lance captured her with his own dark inscrutable stare while he held her in the heated expanse of his powerfully built chest. They’d just entered Allison’s foyer where Lance placed the paintings against the wall before twirling her in his arms to lock her within.

“I’d love, too, but…”

The light in Allison’s eyes dimmed immediately.

“It’s probably best if I don’t.”

She didn’t know what to say. They’d had a great time discussing diverse paintings and the images displayed. They’d done a little drinking and even danced a bit to the inner tempo of their own song. So, to say Allison was confused was putting it mildly. They were dating after all. Wasn’t it okay for him to stay? Maybe he thinks you’re being fast and wants to run for the hills.

“Is there something wrong?” she asked.

“Not at all.”

Silence grew around them.

“Okaaay,” she drawled.

Lance released a breath. “It’s me, not you.”

At those dreaded words, Allison’s eyes lurched, and she pulled back from his embrace. He was prepared to run for the hills, already. Good going, Allison, you survived twenty-four hours before being put back on the market.

“I know how that sounds—”

“Do you?”

This time, Allison blew out a breath.

“It’s not what you think.”

“Oh yeah, well what is it? I thought we were vibing here. Did I say something wrong? Was it because I added you to the auction without your input because you don’t have to—”

“Slow down…” Lance closed the opening she’d created, his hand slipping up her neck and down her chin to grip her face. “None of those things have anything to do with my response. When I speak, you can take my words to heart. It’s me. You’ve been drinking. Our relationship is new, and I don’t want to take advantage of you or make you feel that I’m only here for a night cap. I’d like you to show me the way to your heart before I take your essence, and make no mistake about it, if I stay, I will take…” his words dissipated, and a new layer of heat wafted around Allison’s skin.

She was all too ready to give it up, and Allison didn’t know if she should be ashamed of it because frankly, she wasn’t. A part of her felt foolish that she jumped to conclusions so quickly.

“What I mean is, I can’t seem to keep my hands off of you, beauty.” He lowered his head, and their lips met in a heated kiss that gave his libido and her center its own heartbeat. His moist, firm mouth demanded her submission, and just like that, Allison’s knees buckled, and she fell into him. Leaving her mouth burning with fire, Lance’s velvet kisses trailed down her chin to the collar of her neck stirring an already boiling pot.

“Mmmm…”

The moan made Lance’s erection dance, and all Allison wanted to do was wrap her legs around him and enjoy their festive gathering.

“You see,” his dark voice drummed. “This is exactly what I mean.”

“We shouldn’t care,” Allison half-argued, half-moaned. “We’re two consenting adults, and I want you.”

A sound, something like an animalistic groan seeped from Lance.

“Not as bad as I want you.”

“Then what’s to stop us?”

They spoke against each other’s lips.

“I need you to love me first.”

His words jarred her, forcefully making her pull back, wide-eyed, rousing a tornado of passion that knocked her into the future. She saw him, at the altar, all decked out in a Brioni suit tailored to the ridged edges of his manly physique. His chocolate skin complemented his attire, smooth and inviting, giving her a massive sweet tooth. His braided locs were in his signature wear, driving down his head, neat and tightly arranged. A clean, trimmed beard surrounded his jaw, and it trod past his succulent mouth and connected with the thin line of hair that met his mustache at the top of his sexy lip. Her body trembled in his arms, and the vibration caused her to blink rapidly before stuttering out.

“Why?”

She had to ask.

“So, you’ll never consider being in the arms of another man again,” he rubbed his nose against hers, “and for some reason, I feel possessive over you.”

Allison’s heart knocked.

“Have you ever loved someone, Allison?” His fingers rode the skin over her collarbone, dancing alongside her neck. “I mean unequivocally revered a person. Someone who shared your beliefs and spoke to your soul in a way that stirred a supernatural love even when you didn’t know them wholly? Someone you’d trust with your life without worrying about the sacrifice it would take to give yourself one hundred percent?” His fingers thumbed at the bottom of her ear, then rode down her arms to mingle with her fingers.

“No…” she whispered. “Have you?”

“I can’t say that I have.” His gaze bore into her. “But with you,” he brought her hand to his lips and kissed her fingers, “I feel all of those things, and I don’t even know how it’s possible.”

Her breath was completely stolen, and her breast rose and fell as she shook with disbelief in his arms.

“At the wedding party the other night, I was a man shaken when you almost passed out. The fear,” his voice trailed off, strained. He tightened her fingers around his.

“I… I…”

“You don’t have to return my sentiments.”

“Are you kidding? Do you really think I don’t feel the same?” Their eyes branded one another. “Of course, you know, that’s why it’s called a connection.”

A smile curved at the corners of his brown lips, and Lance sucked in a humorous breath.

“Do you believe in love at first sight?”

“Yeah,” she said, “and so do you.”

His smile grew broader. “One of the many things we have in common.”

Allison rose a brow. “What other things do we have in common?”

“Hmmm, I’d say we’re both career driven, passionate about helping others, believers in divine interventions.”

This time it was Allison’s smile that reached for the stars. She blinked and dropped her gaze, feeling bashful, something Allison hadn’t felt in years.

Leaning forward, Lance brushed a warm blanket that was his lips against her forehead.

“How were you feeling tonight?”

She pursed her lips. “Are you going to start asking me every time you see me like my mother does?”

“Yes.”

Allison gawked.

“You wouldn’t expect me to see you and not inquire about your wellbeing, right?”

She squeezed his hands. “Every day is not really necessary, Lance.”

“So, you’re saying we’ll see each other daily?”

Allison thought quickly. “Well, I mean,” she stuttered as Lance’s smile returned.

“Hmmm, I look forward to it. Now, answer my question.”

Allison chuckled. “I’m feeling fine. I would tell you if I weren’t.”

“Would you?” He examined her closely.

“Yes.”

“Hmmm,” his dark voice drummed.

“You don’t believe me,” she asked as her face rose in wonder.

“Yeah,” his arms drew her in, closing around her waist, “I do.”

Another flashforward hit Allison so hard she could’ve stumbled away from him. It only lasted a second or two but was so vivid it was as if they were really a part of the ceremony. Suddenly, she needed some water.

“Um,” she licked her lips, “thank you for checking up on me. I’m not ungrateful, I just don’t want you to feel like I’m going to croak over at any minute.” Her laugh was light and fluffy, giving off layers of pretentious ease. It was only a second later when Allison realized what she’d said. She straightened her shoulders and attempted to shake off her mother’s words:

“You know I only ask because I love you. I want you to be okay. It’s important that you take your medicine, and I’d prefer you do it at the same time, every day. You know I have high blood pressure. I don’t want that to be the next thing you end up with. It’ll just add to the list of pills you’ll have to take and then when you meet and find a potential husband, they may run for the hills if they see a laundry list of pills lining your medicine cabinet. Poor fella might think you’ll croak over on any given day.”

“Hey,” Lance recaptured her attention. “That is the last thing on my mind.”

“I know,” she paused then smiled and dropped her head into his chest.

“Maybe I should stay.” Her eyes lifted slowly to him. “You make it hard to leave.”

“Then stay, and I promise not to take advantage of you.”

They both laughed, and he winked. “It’s a deal.”





Chapter Ten





“I want to do something for you.” Lance drew Allison’s hands in his palm as she looked at him inquisitively. They were having breakfast at Peaches on South King Drive in Chicago, three days into their joint search for the perfect venue to house the fundraiser.

“I’m listening,” she drawled with a smile.

“As a donation to your fundraiser, I’d like to make a deposit on your behalf to the venue that you choose for the event. I know you said you’ve narrowed down places that were in your budget. Now, you can open up that scope and have more venues to choose from.”

Allison’s lips curved into that sexy crescent smile he enjoyed.

“I suppose since it’s a donation that would be okay.”

She took a sip of her water with lemon, and Lance’s gaze dropped to the suction between her lips and the straw. Ever since he’d had the pleasure of touching her intimately at his brother’s wedding, Lance not only noticed her movements, but every stretch of her lips, spring in her step, or curve of her eyes elevated his sexual urge for her. It didn’t help that spending the last few nights together even while sleeping in separate rooms made things any better. It didn’t.

During the middle of the night, Lance would rise from his position on the couch and stroll into Allison’s quarters to check in on her. Lance still didn’t understand the overpowering possessiveness he felt for Allison, but it was an uncontrollable force of nature that he didn’t care to combat.

“That’s my girl,” he said, his luscious lips finding their own curve. “What do you think about The Willis Tower?”

Astonishment touched her face, brightening her warm cheeks and uplifting her eyes. “The Willis Tower is probably expensive. How much of a donation are you talking here?”

Lance chuckled. “However much it costs to rent the space.”

The tenderness in his expression warmed her heart.

“Wow.” Allison’s fingers fiddled with his long powerful fingers. “Thank you, Lance.”

“You’re welcome.”

“I’m grateful.”

“I know.”

A blush fell over her face. “I’ve been wondering where you’re taking me next week. I’d like to prepare for the weather.”

A server approached their table with trays in hand. She sat them down in front of Lance and Allison while announcing their food.

“Peach bourbon French toast,” she said to Lance. “The Healthy Start for you, ma’am. It includes egg whites, mushrooms, spinach, green peppers, tomatoes, onions, and a sprinkle of cheese.”

“Mmmm,” Allison moaned.

“Why do I have the feeling I should be eating what you have?” Lance asked.

“Because you just want what I got.”

His face lit up on a grin. “Sweetheart, you have no idea.”

Allison laughed, and Lance reached for her hands. Their fingers linked as he led them in prayer. Allison loved when he did that. There was something about a man who spoke to the Lord on your behalf. Allison settled into their petition, and when Lance’s thumb began to rub her palm, she smiled contentedly.

“In Jesus’ name, amen.”

“Amen,” she repeated.

They dug into their breakfast and ate between conversation.

“About this destination,” Allison moved forward.

Lance retrieved his smartphone and hit a few buttons, after finding what he sought, he put it away.

“The temperature there is ninety-three degrees.”

“Ninety-three degrees? Wow.” Allison took a sip of her water. “It’s the beginning of November. Do I require a passport, or?”

“Yes.”

Startled, Allison’s eyes shot up. “Is that so,” she murmured.

Lance chuckled.

“This place got a name?” Allison teased.

A dark grooving laugh trekked from his throat.

“Now that’s how you laugh after one of my jokes,” she added.

Lance laughed harder and nodded.

“I’ll tell you what,” he said with mirth still on his lips. “I’ll let you in on our destination if you promise not to change your mind.”

“Oh, that’s easy. I never planned to change my mind. I’m all in, babe.”

A new and unexpected warmth surged through him. He pulled in his bottom lip.

“Glad to hear it,” he said. “Do I have to make you a promise?”

She giggled and reached to his side of the table, sticking her fork in one of his peaches. Lifting the sweet fruit to her awaiting mouth, Allison slurped as she sucked it in.

“Mmmm, I promise,” she purred, sweeping her tongue across her lips. “Now where did you say we were going?”

Allison was tickled pink at Lance’s silence. A passionate tenderness brimmed and without a word, he stood, moved to her side of the table, and sat comfortably next to her, bringing a warm spicy scent with him.

“Come here,” he said, reaching for Allison’s jaw, “you’ve got something on your chin.” Lance drove his tongue from the curve in her jaw to her lips, his warm, wet stroke shocking her into an open-mouthed gasp.

“Oh my…” her words were stunted with the invasion of his tongue, and as if he was a flame and she a moth, Allison fell into him, riding the wave of his exploring mouth.

“We’re going,” Lance whispered grizzly, his lips pushing into hers, “to India.”

She gasped again as shock rattled through her, but her rebuttal couldn’t find its way out of the seal their mouths formed. By the time Lance released her, Allison couldn’t remember what she wanted to say.

His heavy eyes gazed down at her. “What do you say to that?”

Allison’s breathing hadn’t regulated, and she shrugged.

“I’m ready whenever you are.”

His smile conveyed a spark of eroticism.

“That’s my girl,” he said with a wink.





The days leading up to Lance and Allison’s trip past with smooth transition. Daily, they spoke on the phone, and although being in one another’s presence was ideal, Lance’s schedule wouldn’t allow for the extra time. His film was underway, and while his nights were long, still, Lance had his assistant forward invites for Allison’s charity event unbeknownst to her.

He’d kept quiet about it until she’d called to squeal about the RSVP’s that were cc’d to her email.

“How in the world did you have time to do this,” she asked on an impromptu phone call. Allison had been in the middle of pulling featured stories when her email began to notify her with each RSVP that came through.

“I’m afraid I don’t follow,” Lance said, smirking as he pretended not to know what she was talking about.

Allison switched the receiver of her desk phone from one ear to the other.

“Please tell me you’re joking,” she whispered sharply.

“Depends on if you’re upset or excited.”

“What!? I’m certainly excited. But how … when? I know you’ve been extremely busy.”

“It was on my schedule, love.”

Allison blew out a wisp of breath. “Thank you, Lance.”

“You’re most welcome. Is everything set now?”

“The venue is booked, the caterers, Bri is designing the interior, I sent out a few invitations of my own, but nowhere near the amount you have.”

“Some of those RSVP’s didn’t come from my contacts. However, I’m sure when WTZB highlighted the event, that brought in more interest. Don’t downplay yourself, beauty. You have an entire news station at your whim. Who knows, you may be on your way to becoming a media mogul. That’s how my parents got their start.”

At the mention of his parents, a shadow was cast over Allison as her mind conjured the last time she spoke with either of them. His father seemed highly interested in her childbearing abilities, but it was something she couldn’t think about now. So instead of dwelling on it, Allison shoved it off, leaving it alone until another mulling day.

“Hmmm, Allison Sullivan media mogul extraordinaire!” She announced broadly.

Lance chuckled. “See, there’s the spirit.”

A woman in Lance’s background spoke, and she sounded so close that Allison wondered if she was sitting in his lap.

“Excuse me for a moment,” he said into the phone.

The phone was muffled when he spoke again to whoever was requiring his attention. The woman’s drowned-out voice came through in quick responses, then he was back.

“I apologize for the interruption.”

“You’re fine. I know you’re busy, I’ll let you get back to it. I was just calling to say thank you for being a helping hand. I don’t know if I could’ve pulled this off under such short notice without you. We make great partners.”

“That we do,” he agreed.

“So, I’ll see you tomorrow afternoon then?”

“I’ll be outside your condo with a horse drawn carriage.”

Allison laughed as a spin of exuberant warmth coursed through her.

“I’ll be waiting.”

Lance’s smile covered the stretch of his lips. “That’s my girl,” he oozed.





Chapter Eleven





“Allison, are you about to go out of town and fall in love with this man?”

Bri eyed Allison closely. They were standing in The Willis Tower going over plans for the fundraiser’s décor.

“And for the record, you didn’t need to be here this morning, but you just had to come. Are you feeling antsy about your trip to India?”

“Who wouldn’t be?” Allison quipped. “I’ve only changed clothes umpteen times.” She snuggled in the puffer coat and took a sweeping eye over herself. “And I won’t talk about how many times I packed and unpacked.”

Bri stuck her bottom lip out. “What do you mean—did you change your mind?”

Allison circled her hand in a swoop.

“No, okay, that’s not what I meant. I’m saying, there were several item changes. I couldn’t figure out what was working and what wasn’t.”

“You’re nervous, as you should be. You’re only falling in love with one of Hollywood’s most eligible bachelors who just happens to be a sweetheart.”

“Thanks for helping with my nervousness, you’re the best,” Allison said.

Bri chuckled. “Relax. You did good.” Bri took her own sweeping eye over Allison. “The oversized crème sweater, the black tights and thigh high suede boots are giving you this va-va-voom appeal.” Bri snapped her hand in a fierce girlfriend signature salute. “Yeeesss!”

Allison laughed and exhaled a hopeful breath.

“What about my hair? I took the flat irons to it this morning, but I can’t be sure if it’s still laid.”

“It is, and every time you talk, it sways. You killed it. Literally.” Bri fell over in laughter, and Allison tapped her arm twice.

“Shut up, girl, you know I’m nervous!”

Bri was thoroughly tickled. “I know! I know! I just couldn’t help myself.” She laughed. “No seriously, you look great, I’m sure Lance will notice, too, which is another reason why you need to be heading home.” Bri glanced at her watch. “Your flight is at three?”

Allison nodded.

“It’s one o’clock, you gotta go.”

“All right, I’m going.” Allison turned to leave, adjusting the handbag that hung off her arm.

“You never answered my initial question.”

“Which was?”

“Are you about to go out of town and fall in love with him?”

“What makes you ask that specific question?”

“It’s that dreamy gleam in your eye. I haven’t seen it this long before.”

“This long?”

“Yeah. Whenever we would crush on someone in the past, we’d get the dreamy eye look, but it would be there one day and gone the next because we would be over it.”

“I didn’t know I got a dreamy eye look,” Allison said, perplexed.

“Not only that, but every time his name is mentioned, your face brightens. While you’re away with him, don’t think about the future. Live for right now, have a ball, throw caution to the wind, have sex!” They laughed. “I hope he’s everything your heart desires, girlfriend, you deserve a love like that.”

Allison reached for Bri and pulled her in for a tight hug.

“Oh my God, girl, don’t make me cry.”

Bri laughed. “You better not.”

Allison squealed. “Thank you so much.”

“Gone, girl,” Bri said with a slight push, “go live your best life.”

Allison did tear up, but instead of crying, she shrieked and turned to leave.

“Oh!” she said, twirling back around. “To answer your question, I think I might be,” she paused, “falling for him I mean.”

“But you’re not sure?”

“I’m sure that I’ve never felt this way before.”

“How does it feel?”

“Bri, I don’t even have to be around him. Just the thought, and I’m overwhelmed with extreme happiness.” She shrugged, and just like that, a faraway gaze filtered her eyes. “I can’t explain it. It … it …” she sighed. “I’m cuddled with it, like a soft breeze from the sky above. The kind that makes you gasp on an intake of breath as it wraps you in a blanket carried by the noonday sun. My heartbeat rests in it, filling me so completely I can’t be altered without its permission.” Her eyes snapped to Bri’s. “Is that crazy!?”

Bri shrugged. “When you know, you know.”

Allison bit down on her lips and backpedaled on a twirl, feeling renewed and upbeat about her trip with Lance.

In a daze, she drove to her condo, unable to snap out of the musings of this cultivating fire being the real deal. When Allison arrived, a Bentley Mulsanne was parked at her curb and standing on the sidewalk next to it was Lance Valentine. His sizable hands were tucked inside the pocket pants of gray trousers that journeyed the strength of his thighs to the wingtip shoes on his feet. In a long sleeve button down shirt with an auburn suede vest that outlined the breadth of his shoulders, Lance exuded the charisma of a natural born gentleman. Silver cufflinks secured the shirt at his wrists, and a Rolex set off a sparkle that illuminated his look, brightening the brown glow that was his melaninated skin.

Another sparkle was set off at his ears as a diamond stud sat in each lobe. Allison and Lance locked eyes as she pulled into her driveway. Then she parked and hopped out quickly, just in time to run into the solid expanse of his chest.

“Oh!” She said, grabbing him at the same time his hands grazed her arms to steady her.

“I didn’t mean to startle you.”

“That’s quite all right. You move fast.”

He smirked. “Not fast enough. I wanted to get to your door before you took the initiative and opened it yourself.”

“Oh.” She blushed.

“I hope you don’t mind. I’m coming from a meeting.”

Allison quirked an eye questionably.

“Forgive my formal wear. When we get to the jet, I’ll change into something casual.”

“I like your formal wear,” she said with a once over. “Sexy.” She winked, and he barked out a laugh. Tossing his arm around her shoulder, Lance drew her in an embrace, effectively cuffing her in the comfort of his broad chest.

“Where’s your coat,” she asked, snuggling into his hold.

“Coat? It’s not cool enough for a jacket.”

Allison pursed her lips. “Says who? You don’t feel that wind?”

“Nah, I’m hot blooded, sweetheart.” He was right, and Allison reveled in the heat of his cocoon. His lips grazed her forehead. “Are you ready, beauty?” He glanced down at her. “Shall I get your things?”

Allison stared at him in wonder, that faraway gaze she didn’t know she had, reinforced.

“If you look at me like that too much longer …” He leaned into her mouth, softly inhaling her lips. Her surrender was swift as she allowed her weight to be transferred to him in a lean. Heat suffused their mouths, and a river of heat flooded their bodies.

Allison took in a breath, but it only came rustling out on her words. “We’re going to miss our flight.” She panted and nibbled against his mouth as he worked to restrain his overwhelming need to taste her.

“Where are your things,” he asked; his voice dark and rough as he kissed her lips, cheek, and then her nose.

Flustered, Allison’s hands rode up his face as heat shuffled between their mouths. “Just inside the door. Come.” Allison grabbed his hand and led him to the door where she unlocked the latch, and Lance stepped in the foyer to grab her luggage.

Their chauffeur, Greg, met Lance at the sidewalk, and together, they added her luggage to the trunk.

“Thank you, Greg,” Lance said.

“Always a pleasure, Mr. Valentine.”

They took their positions, Greg behind the steering wheel and Lance sidled next to Allison, slipping an arm around her where she rested against him on the ride to the jet.

“How long is the flight?”

Lance thought a minute. “Seventeen, maybe nineteen hours, give or take.”

The Bentley rode over a pothole, causing the vehicle to swerve slightly. Where Allison’s hand rested on his thigh, she gripped it at the unexpected disturbance.

“Forgive me, mister, misses,” Greg said.

“You’re good, just keep an eye out,” Lance said.

“Yes, sir.”

Allison straightened up.

“Are you all right?”

She nodded. “Yes.” Her smile lit up his heart. “So, this nineteen-hour flight means we will be getting some sleep, right?”

“At some point.” His nocturnal gaze gleamed with promise, and Allison batted hers in return.

“I’m excited.”

“Are you?”

“Yeah.” She bashfully eyed him. “I enjoy being with you.”

His gaze softened, and he covered her hand then lifted her fingers for a kiss.

“And I thoroughly enjoy your company as well, love.” He kissed the back of her hand again. “Thank you for trusting me with your wellbeing. I promise to handle you with care.”

Her pulse quickened at the passion in his pledge, rendering her speechless and vulnerable. It had been a long time coming. She dropped her head on his shoulder, leaving it there as the city of Chicago flew past their window.

When the Bentley pulled into the hangar, they abandoned it for the Boeing 757, and were in comfortable midflight, halfway to India when Allison fell asleep on Lance’s shoulder. Her light breathing whispered into his neck, energizing his nerves and rattling his cage. It was those little things that not only startled him but gave him comprehension of just how deep love could go. Over the last eight months, their comradery had begun on a beautiful budding friendship. The sexual awareness was there from the beginning, but that everlasting passion was a constant vibe between them as well. At first, Lance thought it was love at first sight, but the more time he spent with her, an occasional lunch here, or dinner there, the more he found her spirit irresistible. He’d taken the plunge for her within the first few months, but now he wanted to go all in and explore this thing called love. Lance let her rest there for another spell before softly sweeping Allison in his arms and carrying her to the king size bed that rested in a bedroom just beyond the living area.

There, Lance cuddled her as she slept and, shortly thereafter, followed her into dreamland.





Chapter Twelve





When they landed, Allison and Lance hadn’t been in India sixty minutes or even left the harbor of the Boeing 757, and already Allison was feeling rejuvenated. It was something about the bubble bath Lance prepared for her that felt like a touch of heaven as she sat in the tub with her head back and eyes closed, a mask covering her face.

Her once ear-length hair had grown in the last eight months in a spread to her shoulders, and to keep it from getting wet, Allison had to clamp the strands to the top of her head. The water moved as she pulled up a leg, lifting it out to rub a soapy rag over her limbs. She dipped it back inside then switched, all the while lost in thoughts of happily ever afters.

Finishing up, Allison stood to her feet and reached for the shower head to rinse off. She thought over her wardrobe choices and smirked mischievously at the thin lingerie number she’d added. While Lance was making this trip about Allison, she planned to do precisely what her best friend suggested: live her best life.

But he wants you to love him first.

There was that. Was she willing to admit it? A debilitating warmth spread throughout her loins, and mindlessly, stuck in her thoughts, Allison left the steamy shower, dried, and eased into the room she’d shared with Lance on the flight over. Allison’s eyes moved to the bed she’d woken up in—in his arms. It was unlike the nights he’d spent on her sofa.

It was intimate and only heightened her sensitivity to him. Her heart had mellowed in a sacred drum that now fiddled with a tempo that matched the thump of his. Her back had been to him, and his mouth rested at the top of her ear, cascading a torrent of warmth down her neck. The magic of their bodies’ correlating movements: a breath here, a leg shift there revealed the connection that aligned them.

Now, he was cooking. She could smell eggs and bacon, which she loved, but most importantly, Allison knew Lance had taken the time to make sure the food was good for her to eat.

Since the moment she’d met him eight months ago, Lance had been nothing short of compassionate. Allison hurried to open her luggage and opted for a spaghetti strap thin summer dress. The royal purple apparel laid against her figure with a loose sway, but her bodacious hips, ass, and thighs spread the garment as it wove down to her knees. She turned side to side in the mirror, evaluating the garment before deciding it was okay. Her hair gave way to gravity as she released it from the clamp, and her tresses fell in a spread across her shoulders; she fingered her hair while reaching for a comb.

Bri’s words were on a steady loop in her thoughts, and suddenly a tune hummed from Allison’s lips.

“Why Don’t We Fall in Love” by Amerie used to be a song Allison jammed to faithfully, though at the time, she didn’t have a candidate to be in love with. Now the tune coming from her lips gave new life to the lyrics, and her hips moved in a roundabout before she giggled, slipped her feet in a pair of two-inch heels, and trekked to the kitchen in search of Lance.

What awaited her was more than Allison’s sweet nerves could bear. A small quaint table was designed into the inner wall of the plane’s interior, and on both sides of the table two seats sat next to a window.

Two plates dressed with sliced bananas, grapes, and sliced cantaloupe sprinkled with yogurt and roasted peanuts sat on the surface. Beside it, a smaller dish held scrambled eggs, and a glass of freshly brewed tea. Allison’s lips spread into a warm smile, and she didn’t miss the two long stem roses that sat in an hourglass vase.

His back was to her, but even from behind, Lance’s transformation was just as immaculate as his formal wear. His feet were comfortably slipped into a pair of men’s Givenchy white sandals, and a sprinkle of hair started at his ankle then peppered the length of his calves disappearing when meeting with his shorts. He was casually dressed in an undershirt that covered his torso. Allison’s eyes traveled over the muscular wave in his shoulders and her mouth watered at the strength in his back.

Lance’s head was down, and in his hand, he stirred something

Allison couldn’t see.

“Good morning, I think,” she chimed.

Lance spun slowly to face her, and a grin grew across his mouth.

“Good morning is correct.” He turned back to the stove and cut the power, then sat the skillet and utensil to the side. “Did you enjoy your bath?”

Lance strolled toward Allison, and she met him halfway.

“I did. I almost didn’t get out.”

His chuckling grizzle stirred her, and she nodded on a grin.

“Well, I’m glad you did. You have a spa therapy session at noon, and the beginning sets the tone for your entire treatment.”

Her smile became boastful. “Tell me more about it.”

“Come sit, eat, and I’ll tell you over breakfast.”

She took her seat, and Lance added the scrambled eggs in the skillet to his plate then returned it to the stove.

“I thought I smelled bacon earlier,” Allison said as he took his seat in front of her.

“You did, and I have blueberry bagels, too.”

Allison’s eyes widened. “My fav,” she swooned.

Lance nodded. “But you can only choose one to enjoy.”

Aghast, Allison laid a hand over her chest and cocked her head to the side.

“You’re kidding,” she said, wide-eyed.

Lance loved that fake look of outrage on her face. It tickled him silly, and his laugh turned into a heavy chortle.

“You’re so beautiful with your phony outrage,” he said, reaching out to tweak her chin in a soft, pinching caress. “You have to choose. Two slices of light sodium bacon or a blueberry bagel.”

Allison folded her lips down in a frown with a bat of her eyes, this time going for sympathy. Lance’s grizzly chuckle came back.

“As much as I adore the card you’re playing, your health is more important.”

“Let’s make a deal,” she countered.

He rewarded her with a dashing flash of a grin.

“I’ll take one slice of bacon and a half of a blueberry bagel.”

His whole face spread into an arrestingly handsome smile, and in response, Lance left his seat returning quickly with her requests.

“A half of blueberry bagel,” he announced, slicing into the warm bread, “and one slice of bacon.”

“Grazie,” she said, thanking him in Italian.

“Prego,” he responded.

Allison’s mouth dropped. “You’re familiar with the Italian language?”

“And its culture,” Lance said. “I was a foreign exchange student in my early studies at Harvard. One summer spent in Rome, and I was hooked.”

“That must have been amazing.”

“In the beginning, I’ll admit, it was a little rough. The language is all around, so you have to be fluent to navigate, as with living in any country for the first time.”

“And you weren’t?”

“I knew the language because I’d studied throughout high school but being immersed in the culture was another experience altogether. I did, however, catch on quick. It was either that or get left behind.”

Allison nodded. “Nice. What made you want to speak the language?”

“Originally, I just wanted to do something to one-up my brother.”

Allison’s charmed smile elevated. “You’re talking about Hunter, aren’t you?”

He bit his bottom lip with a smirk. “How’d you know?”

“Because the first time I met you, you guys were playing a not so friendly game of basketball.”

Lance chuckled. “It’s always friendly, with an added touch of testosterone.”

“Ain’t that the truth.” She dug into her fruit with a fork and took a bite. Her eyes closed. “Mmmm.”

“Good, huh?”

“This packs so much flavor.” Allison glanced down at her plate. “How is the fruit this rich?”

“It came from India.”

She nodded. “Very delicious. I bet you had a cargo waiting for us when we landed, huh,” she teased.

He rubbed his jaw and squinted with a head tilt.

“Something like that.”

“Mmhmm, a man of many talents.”

“Countless,” he added.

An exuberant force of chills crawled down her skin.

“So,” she said, “you and Hunter used to battle often?”

“When it comes to anything physical, we still do.” He smirked.

“You like yanking his chain?”

“On the contrary, when we were adolescents, he swore he was bigger than me, more physical and agile. So, I challenged him every chance I got. He was six seconds old before I was born, but he acted as if he were six years older. Still does.”

They laughed, and Lance shook his head.

“Once I began to learn Italian, the language grew on me. I felt the desire to be fluent, so I began tutoring three days a week through my high school years. Choosing a college was always dependent on if there was a foreign exchange program. That, and making my father proud.”

“Which I’m sure he was.”

“So he tells me.”

Allison took a sip of her water.

“How did you learn the language?” Lance asked her.

“I just recently acquired a taste for Italian culture. It’s probably not the normal way someone would be interested, but during a report of protests that were breaking out in Rome, I had to put my passport to good use.”

“That’s a way to envelope yourself into the country for sure.”

“On a grand scale. I thankfully had an interpreter along for the ride. Hearing the differences in the tongue and the passion the natives spoke with was enough for me. Before long, I was asking Maria, my translator to be my personal tutor.”

“So, if I say, stai con me per sempre, what would you say?”

He leaned across the table as if needing to be closer to hear Allison’s response.

“Mi piacerebbe,” she acquiesced.

A burning desire flared through his gaze. So, she would love to stay with him forever? Lance reached across the table for her hand, slipping her fingers in a mingle with his.

“This time I might make you promise.”

A tiny glow cheered within her, making Allison’s face brighten in response to her inner excitement. Throwing caution to the wind, she promised.

“Lo prometto.”





Chapter Thirteen





The Zuri Kumarakom,

Kerala Resort & Spa

Kottayam, India





It was a wicked ninety-four degrees with stinging sun rays that stretched over the city of Kottayam. After a two-hour ride from the airport, Lance and Allison settled in the backseat of a rented Porsche, enjoying the scenic surroundings on their way to The Zuri Kumarakom.

With his arm laying leisurely across the top of the seat, and Allison cuddled at his side, the couple relaxed in the silence of the ride and exploration of each passing mangrove forest. It was only when Allison’s mind began to wander did she speak.

“You never told me about the spa therapy.”

A lazy grin tugged at his lips. “Forgive me, I believe I became distracted.”

He was distracted all right. Allison had, in no uncertain terms, told him she’d stay with him forever. How was he to process that?

“This treatment is an eight-hour experience,” he heard himself say, clearing the fog in his head.

“Eight hours?” She almost shouted.

Lance’s tongue slipped across his bottom lip. “Yeah. I promise you it’s unlike anything you’ve had before. It starts with an Indian head massage.”

“Oooh, I like the sound of that already.”

Lance nodded. “You’ll love it when your therapist gets her fingers on your scalp. It’s a deep massage that alleviates stress from your neck, shoulders, and of course, your head. Did you know anxiety is accumulated here?”

He slipped his hands in her hair, sliding deep into her scalp to the crown of her head. Allison’s eyes faltered. For so long, she’d been the only one touching her head, besides Bri St. James on nights they were going out on the town.

“I guess I never thought about it,” she murmured with her eyes closed as her head slowly rolled from his caressing touch. “But I think you could be my therapist if you get any better at this.”

That grizzly chuckle she loved roamed from his throat.

“I’m pretty good with my hands if I do say so myself.”

Allison lifted a starch brow. “I don’t doubt it,” she oozed.

Lance drove his fingers down the back of her head where they dropped to Allison’s ears, and he tweaked her lobes then covered her in a warm embrace.

“I might show you what I’m working with.”

“I’m looking forward to it,” she murmured. “Tell me more about this therapy.”

The Porsche turned off the main road and journeyed around Vembanad Lake where Kumarakom Kerala Resort and Spa sat stationary on eighteen acres of land.

“This is beautiful,” Allison chimed. She sat forward, trying to catch the aerial view of the resort, but it was too large to consume with one sweep of the eye.

“Wait until you see the Maya Spa. It’s the largest in South India that offers a variety of Ayurveda, hydrotherapy, holistic treatments, and much more. You’ll be rejuvenated in no time. The body temple is in the middle of a lagoon on an island that’s perfect for meditation and yoga.”

Allison cut an eye at him. “Let me find out you out here practicing yoga.”

Lance’s smile brightened his handsome features.

“What if I told you yoga had only been practiced by men before being monopolized by women.”

Allison gasped and laughed. “Monopolized, really?”

He held his smile. “It’s the truth. Women have a way of taking over, but I don’t mind as long as it’s you.”

Allison was saturated in a stream of warmth. “I could say the same for you.”

“Could, huh?”

“Yeah,” she mumbled, “but you won’t give up the goods though.”

A roaring laugh bellowed from Lance’s gut, and Allison smirked and folded her arms defiantly. That irresistible smile lit up his face, and he drew her under him, then peppered her face with kisses.

“Come, let me show you to your session.”

The door opened, and Allison slipped out first with Lance in tow behind her. The atmospheric heat made Allison grateful for the thin dress she wore, and the beauty of the landscape was something she’d never seen.

Striking elephant sculptures were an invitation to venture inside the resort. They were posed on four legs with chins facing the sky and water falling from their trunks into a grandiose swimming pool.

Lance spoke to their driver, then hand in hand, Allison and Lance ventured inside and were promptly escorted to the Maya Spa. They were right on time, and the therapist was fluent in English.

“Good afternoon, I am Adaleru your therapist for the day.”

“Good afternoon, Adaleru,” Lance responded. “This treatment is for my lady here, Allison.”

Allison glanced up at Lance. “Are you not joining me?”

His hand tightened around hers. “This encounter is for you.”

“Yeah, but I want us to experience it together.”

She gave him a doe-eyed look, unaware that its usage wasn’t needed to get whatever she wanted out of him. With Allison, Lance considered himself a goner a long time ago.

“You win,” he said.

“Yay,” she shimmied on her feet and waved her hips side to side.

Lance laughed. “But first, I need to check us in.”

“Okay, we won’t start without you.”

Lance’s fingers left her hands and traveled to her face where he pulled her in nose to nose. “You will start without me,” Allison tried to throw out an objection, but Lance cut her off. “Start with your head massage, and I’ll join you for the body massage.”

Something about the implication of him and Allison being joined in a body massage set her nerves ablaze.

“Do we have a deal?”

With her ears still tingling from her naughty thoughts, Allison nodded.

“That’s my girl.” Lance released her face and turned to Adaleru. “She’s all yours.”





His fingers needled her scalp gently, spreading rich coconut oils so that they would be absorbed in every direction. Allison sat on a plush chair with her eyes closed and shoulders pushed back, already feeling the effects from the few minutes Adaleru had been on her head. Every few seconds, his fingers would change course and find a different route, bestowing a new level of resplendent energy down her cranium. Allison was unaware of the weight she carried, until it was lifted from her neck, followed by her shoulders.

She took a deep breath and relaxed in the massage, imagining it was Lance’s fingers caressing her instead. Beginning to feel weightless, Allison’s head leaned in a slow roll and a subtle moan slipped from her lips. The sound snapped Allison out of a trance, but the extensive massage threatened to pull her back under.

“Whew, Jesus,” she said.

“Ma’am?” Adaleru responded.

“Oh, I think I’m falling asleep on you over here.”

Adaleru laughed. “It happens all the time.”

“I’m sure.”

She glanced around to the dual tables stretched out across the room, and Adaleru followed her assessment.

“Would you like to move into the body treatment?”

Allison was nodding before she could get the words out.

“I sure would, but,” she looked to the door. “I’m waiting for someone.”

“Mr. Valentine?”

“Yes.”

“We can get you both ready, and when he joins, he’ll have everything he needs. But let’s start with you first since you’re here.”

“I suppose,” she said without much resistance.

She unfolded her legs and stood, clad in a thick robe that was stamped with the resort’s logo. The cotton fabric waved against her bare necessities and in a leisurely sashay, Allison sauntered across the cherry wood floor to the table awaiting her.

She never saw Lance when he entered the room. His movements were masked by a second therapist, Aashna, who led him to the dressing area. Aashna handed him a robe, and he nodded.

“Thank you.”

The therapist returned his gesture then turned away to give him privacy. After checking them into a presidential pool villa, Lance left a special request for the concierge; then with haste, made his way back to Allison. He undressed, wrapping only a towel around his waist, and at the last second decided the robe was unnecessary. He left it abandoned in the dressing room and strolled out headed for Allison’s position on the table.

She was face down; her back bare, and a towel covering her waist below. The hair on her head laid tumbled to the side, wet and curly as if she’d just taken a steamed shower. As he neared, she called out, “Are we ready to begin the session?”

Lance paused and glanced around the room. They were alone, and Allison had yet to realize that he was the only one there with her. His gaze skipped over the different ginger and coconut oils, then lifting a single container, Lance tested the heat of the lubricant on his hand. Finding it efficient, his hand tilted, and it spilled, leading a trail down her spine to the breach of her ass.

“Ooh,” Allison said, surprised. “That’s nice and warm.”

Lance covered her back with the width of his hands, rubbing the oils in her skin with dual rotation. Allison hummed lightly as she reveled in his heated caresses, feeling a sudden nirvana creep into her soul.

His hands swept up her back, hitting pressure points aside her spine, then he reached for her shoulders for a firm grip.

“Yes, that feels good,” Allison murmured. “Your hands are magical.”

Lance’s lips quirked as a smile grew, and his fingers threaded the arch on both sides of her neck. Her skin was soft, and a brown glow shadowed from her flesh. He felt the need to kiss her back but held the craving in check and worked her divine expressway back down to her bottom.

She wiggled and squirmed when he applied a deep massage at her sides, and a moan floated from her mouth.

“Front please,” she said, rotating completely.

His gaze ran up her belly to brown areolas that peaked in a curve with her breasts. He braced his hands against the solid edge of his waist, holding onto the predatory growl that threatened to escape him as his gaze continued in a shuffle to her eyes. He found a mask covering her sight, one that he hadn’t noticed with her back turned.

He tried to focus by not staring at her nakedness, but it had proven to be a challenge he couldn’t beat. Reaching for the coconut oil, Lance applied it atop her skin, then starting from her neck, his fingers worked her flesh; down her chest and around her breasts with hot hands that scorched Allison to no end.

His brush had been different from the moment he’d touched her. Although she couldn’t see him, Allison could identify the distinction in Lance’s heavy caress and the therapist’s lighthearted stroke. No sooner than his fingers met her skin did Allison give herself permission to go along with his massage, and she half-wondered how long he would continue with the pretense.

Either way it was fine by her. She was a willing participant. Lance’s hands sank into her skin with firm grips and strong digs, causing Allison to shudder on a quiver.

“That feels so good…” she purred, her voice now holding a throaty depth. “You missed my breasts though. They need love, too.”

Lance paused and arched a brow at her.

“Is that going to be an issue?”

She waited for his response and was met with his answer when hot hands sheltered her bosom in a slow rotation.

“Mmmmm,” she moaned, her head in a swaying roll as her back lifted in an arch. Allison bit down on her lip, and Lance fought with indecision.

While he enjoyed this intimate moment with her, a part of him couldn’t help but feel slighted that Allison thought Lance was her therapist. Though they were his fingers that branded her, a knot of jealousy formed in his stomach.

“Here,” Allison said, slipping her hand to her towel, removing it with one sudden pull. “Don’t forget my thighs.” One limber leg slipped off the table and Allison rose to her elbows as her other leg pulled up to rest a foot on the table’s surface. Her smooth brown skin ran through and through, but it was the neatly shaven plum between her legs that became his undoing.

A tornado of heat stung Lance where he stood, and his gaze fell heavily over dark eyes. Her invitation was blatant, and Lance had a mind to accept the heavenly offer, no holds barred.

He braced a hand between her thighs, bracing himself in an arch as he leaned to hover just before her lips. “You knew it was me all along, didn’t you?”

Hearing his dark voice lulled her closer; just an inch more and one wouldn’t be able to breathe without the other.

“Of course, I knew, and now that you know, how about it? Make love to me, Lance, right here.”

His skin was as hot as a furnace, and her heart knocked against her breasts as they stood in a standoff, mouth to mouth with Allison’s eyes still masked. Lance was the first to move. He sank his lips into hers and captured Allison’s tongue on an inhalation of breath.

She gasped as her hands shot up his arms, groveling his neck at the same time his hand seized the nape of hers. In a pressurized drive, Lance sucked her tongue then nibbled around her mouth before dropping his lips to her throat, and shoulders; submerging to her breasts. She panted and dug her fingers into his head, squealing as he blew a mixture of cool and warm breath over her flesh. He sucked in a distended areola, consuming the scope of her nipples then surfing from one breast to the other. Her squeals turned into moans, to pants then back again as she fought with utter hysteria from the desire that was on the verge of spilling from her body.

He barely touched her, but when his thumb circled her clitoris, Allison’s head fell back, and her mouth parted.

“Lance…”

He descended even further and with a powerful thrust of his tongue, sank his mouth over her entire protruding pussy. A meow transformed into a choked gasp as a shower of thrilling passion attacked her body. He tasted every inch of her canal, stretching his tongue in ways that would reach her inner temple.

Squeals of pure delight and uncontrollable shudders rocked Allison’s core, and hauling both of her legs over his shoulder, Lance devoured her wholly. He closed his mouth around her slippery fountain and sucked, then licked in a slurp back to her sensitive bell. She was going to come on his tongue so fast there was no use in warning him, but she attempted to caution anyway.

“Lance…”

He disregarded her admonition, pressing the full weight of his tongue onto her clit while he held her in place.

“Aaaah, oh my God,” she squealed. Her legs shook, and her moans transcended the spa walls as her head rolled in a euphoric wave.

“Lance, Lance, Lance!”

A strong tingling in her clitoris dismantled her security. Her gates opened, and a sweet flood of crème covered his palette, but still Lance drove his tongue into her flesh, causing a storm of nerves to send Allison convulsing into overdrive. Her gasp cut through her chest, and with the strength she had left, Allison scurried away from him, causing the table to tilt in a slow rock.

With lightning speed, Lance reached for her, engulfing Allison in a strongarm embrace before she toppled off the surface. Her chest rose and fell against his, and with desire spilling from his gaze, he spoke, “Where’re you going, beauty? I thought you wanted me to make love to you.”

Allison swallowed heavily. “I— I do,” she confessed, even with her body still humming from the stimulation from his mouth. “But…”

His prominent brow rose.

“Maybe later?”

Lance smirked, then dropped a kiss to her lips where she could taste her sweetness on his tongue. More waves of nirvana rippled through Allison, and on a shudder, she leaned into his stronghold.

Lance held her tightly, his lips, dropping to her ear. “Are you ready for that massage now?”

Allison’s ears were still popping, and she half-heard him.

“Huh, yes, yes, a shower,” she said.

Lance chuckled and swept Allison into his arms, carrying her off into the spa’s private shower.





Chapter Fourteen





The day moved into the late afternoon with Lance and Allison finally getting the full body treatment they were intended to receive earlier. Sixty minutes into the massage, and Allison felt as if she were floating on a cloud.

Warm oils and fragrances helped set the tone, creating a relaxing atmosphere as they moved into a hot mineral bath that was meant to exfoliate and revitalize. Allison was propped between Lance’s legs; her derriere, swaying against his dick as her body moved to the wave of the steam jets. In a lean against his torso, she rested with her head back on his shoulder.

“I’ve never experienced this kind of tranquility,” Allison said. “I can’t even remember the last time I had a regular spa date.”

“Why do you think that is?”

Her body chilled as the deep groove in his voice ran down her shoulders.

“I’m not sure. Time, I guess.”

“That’s a cop out.”

Allison arched her chin to look at him. “How? I’m a very busy woman.”

“Yes, you are, but nothing is more important than your wellbeing, and I mean that in evert aspect there is to understand it.”

“Here you go sounding like my mother again.”

“Okay,” his voice drawled. “I’ll drop it if you can name one thing that’s more important than your peace of mind, your health, and your tranquility.”

Allison didn’t even try to answer that question. They both knew the answer. Nothing.

“So,” he said, continuing as if his question had been rhetorical, “we should change that… starting now.”

“How do you suppose we do that?”

“I’ve got an idea if you’re open to it.”

She placed a kiss along the strength of his jaw, and a ripple of warm blood sailed through his frame.

A smile grew on Lance’s face as she responded, her mouth touching his skin as her lips moved. “Of course, I am. I feel as though I could win at life with you around.”

Her smile was timid, but her words gripped his heart unlike anything he’d ever faced before. Lance dropped his gaze to hers, and his lips met up with Allison’s mouth. His smile faded as his expression softened, and the beat of his pulse could be determined from the constant gleam in his eye.

“Do you mean that, beauty?”

“Yeah … I do.”

Lance smothered her lips with a demanding mastery, one that expelled her breath on a moan. She shifted in his arms, and the waters sloshed as Allison climbed onto his lap. His hands gripped her ass as the heated silk between Allison’s thighs sheltered Lance’s cock.

“This will not turn out well,” his dark voice strummed.

“You don’t think so?”

“You keep trying me, girl. What do you think is going to transpire if I let you have what you seek?”

Allison’s pussy thumped, and on instinct, her hips gyrated in a slow roll.

“Allison…” he warned.

With her arms around his neck, Allison couldn’t stop her hips from their revolving flow. It had lit up her body, and every cell inside her fired like a spinning torpedo. Each graze she drove drowned Lance in a crackle of fever, and he lifted a hand and smacked her ass with a sting.

“Aaah ... mmmm,” she hissed.

“What did I say?”

Her thoughts were with him but in another time.

“I need you to love me first.”

“But we need to,” she half-whispered, half-purred, hornier than she’d ever been.

He kissed her lips then spoke against them. “Why … give me a reason.”

Her bated breath coasted along his mouth, she fought and tumbled with revealing her truth.

“Because … we, love each other. I love you.”

He stared at her, his gaze holding her captive.

“You wouldn’t tell me that just to get me in bed, would you?” His jest was mixed with desire, and his hands coasted down Allison’s thighs where his thumbs met on the hill of her sheathed clitoris.

She panted when his limb moved, teasing the sensitized pearl as he now rotated against her nub.

“I think you’re using me again,” he continued, “like you did in the gallery.”

“You said I could use you anytime I want,” she purred.

His gaze dropped to her lips. “And I meant it, too.” His forehead sank into hers as his lips seized her mouth.

“I’d just like to point out,” she huffed, “I’m not using you right now.”

“Then tell me again,” he ordered, snatching her bikini bottom to the side.

“I…” she panted when the length of his dick grazed across her mound, and her body shuddered on a whimper.

“I can’t hear you, love.”

The scope of his head pierced her grand canal, and her arms tightened around his shoulders as she gave up the confession, again.

“I love you.”

His blunt force entry made her head fall back on a gasp, but Lance lifted her skull, sinking his fingers in the threads of her hair and coaching her mouth to his tongue. He swallowed her moan as he invaded her harbor with the extensiveness of his rigid cock, grinding into her womb with splitting urgency.

“Oooh my God,” Allison panted. “Lance, baby…”

His hands slipped down her body, holding her firmly at the hips, as he filled her sanction with disseminating thrusts.

“Ooooh!”

Rushing waves of slapping water, skin against skin, they filled each other wholeheartedly.

“Yes, beauty,” he spoke between buried kisses. “Tell me what I can do for you.”

Allison moaned again, and Lance painted her chin, neck, and shoulders with heavy, hungry kisses as he knocked against her walls within.

“Ooo aaah… sssss, oh my God,” she panted at each driving stroke.

His hand slipped over her ass, and he guided their coupling, digging, grinding, bouncing, pummeling.

“Tell me again,” he commanded.

Allison’s hips rotated to meet each demanding thrust Lance filled her with, and she held on to her release, needing, wanting, so much more.

“I love you,” she whispered, squealing from the heat that surrounded her nipple from the inhalation of his mouth.

Allison gripped his head as Lance worked her pussy with exuberant plunges that tore down her barriers and forced her release to succumb to him.

“Aaaa Lance!”

Her fingers dug in his neck, and he hungrily licked up her chest, sinking his teeth into her throat.

“Aah! Baaaaaby!”

His palm landed against her ass with another popping sting, giving Allison the vigor to brace on her feet and withstand the force of his charges. As she came, her ass bounced on his dick, with her head thrown back and her yoni thumping to the beat of her pulse. Allison’s ecstasy was euphoric, commandeering her in a passionate tailspin of enchanted stimulation.

Lance growled into her breasts and his tongue flipped over her nipples as they sprang with each coordinated pounce.

“Come again,” he commanded, and as if he was in the position to will her body’s obedience, another rocking river of orgasmic crème fled down her thighs.

“Oh my God, Oh my God!”

She shook with the eruption, and her nails punctured his flesh as his cock ricocheted in a spring that made him come concurrently.

“Sei mio… sempre e per sempre…” he moaned, pledging his allegiance in the Italian tongue.

They were wrapped in a shield of passion, bonded together with the language of love not only on their lips but in their hearts.





Chapter Fifteen





The Zuri White Sands

GOA Resort & Casino

Goa, India





“I can’t believe we’ve just spent the last two days in this paradise, getting pampered no less.”

“Rejuvenated,” Lance inserted.

“You’re absolutely right because I feel that and more.”

They were walking down the Zuri White Sands beach, hand in hand with the wind sailing at their backs.

Allison was dressed in a two-piece gold metallic bikini, cloaked with a black see through knitted top that draped off one shoulder and hung to her knees. Her feet were bare, and she held open toe thong sandals in one hand while Lance linked fingers with her other. With a toss of her hair, her tresses flew with the wind, and she turned to him, feeling pulled by his gaze.

Lance paused their stroll, a look of implacable determination on his face. His chest was bare, but his back was covered by a casual button down that glided to the wind. His fingers fiddled with hers then he stepped closer, slipping a hand up her face. “Consider this the beginning of the rest of your life.”

Allison’s ears tingled, and her pussy thumped. Her body had a way of responding when Lance spoke. It had been that way before, but now, after knowing him intimately, it reacted on the whim of his order.

“You mean walking down sandy beaches on the other side of the world with Hollywood’s most eligible bachelor?” she teased. “Count me in.”

Lance laughed as his gorgeous smile stretched the extent of his face, and he nodded. “That, too,” he teased back. “But more importantly, making sure you take care of yourself. That means booking your tranquility sessions when you schedule your week, or month, or year.”

Allison nodded. “I can take care of that.”

“And,” Lance added, “keep your appointments. I want you to live a stress-free life, beauty. It will make all the difference in your health.”

They held a heartfelt eye on one another.

“I should tell you something,” Lance continued. “The night I took you home from the wedding, I came across a bottle of Metformin in your kitchen cabinet. So, I know you’re a diabetic.”

Allison took a step back, drawing away from his touch. She couldn’t understand her emotions; unnerved, yet relieved that he knew and apparently didn’t care.

Her separation made the nerves in his heart tense, and he reached for her hand where he kissed it reassuringly.

“I never meant to snoop. It wasn’t my intention to see—”

“You’re fine, Lance.” Allison exhaled a deep breath. “I haven’t had a real conversation about this with anyone except my mother.”

“Sweetheart, understand, I’m not asking you to explain. I just wanted you to know because you should.”

She smiled ruefully, and her heart tapped endearingly in her chest.

“And I want you to know.”

His heart warmed as she carried on.

“I found out in January.” Allison turned her face to the wind then back to Lance. “I was at my gynecologist’s office for an annual checkup when it was discovered.” She swallowed. “After testing to be sure, the results revealed that my sugar was through the roof. It seemed everything after that changed. Suddenly, I was high risk for high blood pressure. Apparently, my cholesterol was high, and I was overweight.” Her head dipped, and those feelings of guilt surfaced. “I worked my ass off to lose the weight, and changed my diet dramatically, but it didn’t stop the orthostatic hypertension from rising to the surface.” She bit down on the edge of her lip.

“Don’t punish yourself.” He lifted her chin, and they eyed each other.

“You know, I never used to let myself entertain guilt or pity. If I had a problem, I’d find a solution with whatever options were available, whether they were something I liked or not; it was that simple. I lived by the notion that no one can have everything they want, and life would always be a gamble. You’d just have to play the hand you’re dealt the best way you know how.” She sighed. “But ever since January,” she paused, and a mist of tears blurred her vision.

Lance clutched her shoulders and drew Allison into the harbor of his chest.

“You’re human, love, and your life took a turn. It’s okay for you to feel unsure about it or the role you may have played in its development. But here’s something you already know. Life’s a gamble, nothing will ever go the way we plan all the time. So, when our world is shaken, we deal with it, head-on, and find a way to continue pursuing our happiness.”

Lance brushed a kiss on her forehead.

“You are stronger than you realize. You found out your diagnosis and took the steps needed to be better. Not only that, but you decided to help others in your situation. You are the same person you’ve always been, without question.”

Allison sighed. “You think you know me, huh,” she teased.

“I know a little something something.”

Allison chuckled. “Give a guy a little conversation and they think they know you.”

Lance scooped her up in his arms.

“I’m just kidding.” She smiled. “You’re right.”

Lance smiled boastfully. “Of course, I am,” he teased, planting a kiss atop her forehead.

She leaned into his chin, and they held each other as the soft wind whipped around them.

“You know I used to own my weight. Like, big girls’ rule and skinny girls drool.” Allison snickered.

Lance chuckled. “And now what do you say?”

Allison twisted her lips. “Now I eat those words for breakfast.”

He chuckled again. “There’s nothing wrong with owning who you are. There’s a myth that ‘big girls’ as you put it are unhealthy. That is not always the case.”

Allison pulled her head back and lifted an eye up at him.

“Let me find out you fancy big women,” she said.

“I’m attracted to women, period. Doesn’t matter if they have a little something extra, or don’t.” He smirked. “Size is not a determining factor. Connection, intelligence, the attraction is, in that order.” He peered at her. “What kind of man do you take me for, beauty?”

Heat rushed her cheeks. “I didn’t mean to insinuate…” her words trailed at the penetration of his gaze.

His voice spread over her skin like a warm blanket when he spoke. “What did you mean?”

Lance tightened his arms around her, leaving no escape from his captivity.

“Okay, I confess,” she said, “I’ve never known a man like you, Lance.”

“A man like me?”

She smirked and dropped her head to his shoulder, finding comfort in the shell of his embrace.

“Yeah. The dating scene is slim pickings, and there aren’t many men out there who are considerate, caring, trustworthy, uplifting.” She raised her eyes back to him. “You know I’d always heard that a man is supposed to make you better.” She paused. “And vice versa of course.” A sigh escaped her lips. “But I’ve never had the pleasure to experience it.” They eyed one another. “Until now.”

Lance kissed the ridge of her nose. “This is the way that I am. I don’t know how else to be.”

“I know,” she smirked. “That’s what makes you all the more rare.”

Her hands gathered at his face just as a streak of orange light illuminated in the background and spread throughout the heavens. Allison gasped, turning her head to see the sunset from Lance’s view. It spread as far as the eye could see, lighting up the turquoise waters along the way.

“Wow, that is beautiful.”

“I agree,” Lance said.

They held one another, with Allison standing between Lance’s legs and his arms locked around hers. With no words spoken, the couple relished in the love that clung between them until the firmament dimmed and a constellation of stars littered the sky.

“So, you, Lance Valentine, would date a big girl.”

He spun her around taking captive of her eye. “Yeah … and I’d marry her, too.” He lifted Allison’s hand for a kiss as his arms slipped back around her waist.

Eye to eye, leaning closer, they crushed into each other, mouths fusing in the evolution of a smoldering kiss.

Heat drifted between their mouths, and every nerve in their bodies awakened a need, alarming with utter urgency.

Allison’s soft hands moved from his firm abdomen up to his chiseled chest. Suddenly, she took a step back. On a twirl she ventured in a sashay down the beach, glancing back, once, then twice, to see if Lance would follow her.

He did. With every spring in Allison’s step, the undulating curve of her hip cast a spell that rendered him hypnotized much like at the wedding party. She spun around full circle, then winked and bit down on the edge of her lip then removed her shirt by the hem. It sailed to the ground next to her feet, and from her toes, Lance’s gaze drove up her smooth skin. The gold two-piece made her look like a chocolate goddess, and as he took a step toward her, she spoke.

“Have you ever done anything dangerous before?”

He paused then quirked a smile. “I’d say this love I have for you is as dangerous as it gets.”

Allison’s body chilled as a smile lit up her face.

“You know I wasn’t sure since you never told me the other night.”

“I never told you?”

“No… not verbally at least. But I want to be dangerous with you tonight, and maybe then I’ll get a chance to hear you say it.”

“I love you,” he quickly stated, making no mistake to inform Allison of his stance.

Her face highlight on a smile. “Oh yeah …” Allison turned around and eyed a caution sign just seconds away from their footfalls.

Caution

High Waters Ahead

No Entry After Sunset





She edged to the sign and slipped around it with Lance seconds at her back. When Allison made it to a sand dune, she paused as rushing waters ran up the length of her calves. Lance scooped her up, wrapping Allison in his arms, and she laughed then warmed to the possessiveness of his grip.

“What are you doing, woman,” his dark voice brimmed.

“Getting us wet.”

A low guttural growl crept from him. “Do you know how dangerous this is?” Though he presented the question with caution, there wasn’t a hint of worry that tread his dark voice. “We could get swept away by these waters.”

“Which waters would that be, Mr. Valentine?” Allison purred. “The ones rushing our feet or…” She turned in his arms and slipped her arms around his neck. With a jump into his stronghold, Allison wrapped her legs around Lance’s waist.

He immediately palmed her ass and took her mouth with the savage wrestling of his tongue.

“Mmmm…” she moaned, grinding her rotating hips against the burgeoning erection of his arousal.

The waters rushed his legs, but Lance carried the strength of an ox. With Allison in his arms, he eased to remove his shorts, tossing them back behind the safety of the up-surging waters. He sank to a squat, tickling her spine with the graze of his fingertips. His shaft drug across her mound, in a continuous thump that heated her body and made her pussy crème.

“This is against the rules, beauty.” He spoke against her mouth.

“Then we’ll make our own rules.”

A devilish smile curved at the edge of his lips, then Lance recaptured her mouth, sending elicit shivers of desire racing.

One knee moved into the sand; then the other and with the pull of her strings, Allison’s bikini bottom was removed. A wave sailed toward them, and in Lance’s peripheral he could sense velocity behind it.

“Keep your legs around me.”

She nodded, and Lance lowered her further, keeping Allison locked in his embrace while his elbows dug into the sand.

“Breathe with me,” he said, reclaiming her mouth, and entering her womb just as the waters rolled into them.

Immersed in a wave, Allison’s gasp was consumed by Lance as he drove a powerful thrust into her canal. Her body tingled with fire, and the disturbance of the waters only fueled his agility to a milling grind. The waters receded, and Lance took that opportunity to shift her legs, locking them around his neck. He held on to her shoulders, and with Allison folded and her bottom outstretched, Lance tortured her with commanding thrusts.

His strokes were domineering, hitting a new angle with each penetration. Their lips smacked apart, and a hurtling cry spun into the heavens from Allison’s mouth.

“Lance!”

Her soft curves molded to the contours of his rigid physique, and he kissed down her face, to her collar, rocking a steady boat as the waves crept up on them again. When he covered her mouth, Allison was attuned to his flow, and they shared H2O as they were wrapped in another bounteous wave.

The chill of the water didn’t deter the mission they’d traveled on. It was a refreshing addition that cooled their flesh from the heated grind of their loins.

There was never a shift in Lance’s fortitude. He was a solid foundation that had staked claim with the one he shared himself with, on a land they encroached upon.

As the waters receded, Lance released her mouth, and another rocketing shout spilled from Allison.

“Oooh my God, this is crazy,” she moaned, losing the strength to control her head as it fell back in a sway.

Hot kisses trailed up the curve in her throat as her pussy was charged with another monstrous stroke.

“Oooh! Baaabe!”

Lance leaned into her, his breath a warm caress as it feathered at her ear.

“Is this what you wanted, beauty?”

One hand slipped to her hips while the other palmed the back of her neck as he dug a pulverizing grind that made her legs quake.

“Aaaaah! Oh my! Oh!”

Down the back of her thighs, Lance planted kisses as he dipped and stroked her, pound for pound, increasing his tempo. Another wave was in the distance, and the threat of its pace heightened the stamina that led him. There was no mercy to be found as he drilled her, diving so deep that her G-spot was punctured in multiple springs. She came instantly, in long volatile squirts that ran down his erection and covered her plum. He sucked in her mouth as they were rocked by the biggest wave they’d yet to withstand. They breathed together, sharing life as one organism while Lance fondled her tongue and drowned her pussy with a heavy crème of his own.

They sizzled and shivered, sucking at lips and clinging to one another, seized in the joining of their combined release.

Bated breath and pants rocked Allison, as she was completely spent at the tenacity of their sex.

“Hold on to me,” Lance ordered, lifting her before Allison had the chance to acknowledge his command.

She was glued to the edgy groove of his ripped body as he carried them back to the safety of the shore.

“My … my bikini bottom,” she said.

Lance chuckled. “Looks like you’ll have to walk back bare ass.” At the horrific look on Allison’s face, Lance roared with a bend of his head.

“That’s not funny!” she whined.

“I’m only kidding, love.” His smile dropped to a kiss on her lips. “Don’t worry. I’ve got you.”

Lance reached for his abandoned shirt, covering her in a shield of his scent with the cloth. She shivered and leaned into him.

“That was wild,” she said as Lance stepped back into his shorts and retrieved her black knitted top. “I think I need a chauffeur back to the hotel,” she confessed, still dazed from his undertaking.

His grizzly laugh chilled her skin, and on a swoop, Lance lifted her.

“At your service,” he said, carrying her back to the resort.





Chapter Sixteen





The Willis Tower





Chicago, Illinois





The nineteen-hour flight only extended the yearning to stay at his side for a little while longer. Unfortunately for Allison, she had a fundraiser to prepare for, so more exclusivity with Lance would have to wait. They’d shared breakfast on the terrace of their private villa, then shortly after, lunch in the high skies of the Boeing 757. When it was time for dinner, they bundled up on a sofa and clung to each other between romance movies and slumber. Her awakening had come on the heels of a lingering kiss that energized her mouth and gave her life.

“We’re home,” Lance drawled, peppering another kiss to her lips as her eyes settled on his image.

“Already?”

His smile lit up. “Yeah, I’m afraid so.”

Allison sighed. “I guess.”

Lance chuckled again. “I take it you enjoyed your trip?”

Her hand lifted to his face. “So much so that I don’t want it to end.” She smiled as he leaned to take hold of her mouth again.

“You make me want to call in a sick day, and I’m the boss.”

Allison’s laugh chilled his skin and sent blood pooling to his shaft.

She pulled herself to a stand. “Oh no, I won’t be the reason you don’t get to work.”

He chuckled, and the forty-minute ride from the jet to her condo passed in a blink. With a promise to try and fit in dinner, the two parted, getting a head start on their day; that is, if Allison could pull her head out of the clouds.

“Earth to Allison.” Bri St. James snapped her fingers, then waved them in Allison’s face.

“Huh,” Allison blinked then glanced to Bri. “What did you say?”

Bri sat back against her seat and linked her fingers to rest in her lap.

“Where are you? We’re talking about your fundraiser.”

“Oh, girl,” she shook her head, “I can’t seem to get my mind back from India.”

A smile grew across Bri’s face. “I’ve been waiting for you to bring that up.”

“When, in the thirty minutes I’ve been listening to you go on about caterers?”

It was two days before The American Diabetes Association fundraiser, but Allison couldn’t bring herself to concentrate on final preparations. The only thing that stood out in her mind was the three days of body therapy from the skilled hands of the therapists to the skilled everything else from Lance. Her eyes fluttered as they wandered back to Bri who was peering at Allison so intently Allison would have sworn she could see every thought that passed.

“What,” Allison asked.

“I’m done talking about caterers. Tell me what happened in India.”

Allison lifted the mocha cappuccino to her lips and took a sip from her straw. Her eyes settled in a low draw on Bri, and she batted her lashes with a growing smirk.

“Hmmm, all of that, huh?” Bri quipped.

Allison nodded. “Yeah … all of that.”

A throaty squeal eased from Bri, and she took a sip of her cappuccino.

“So, are you feeling rejuvenated?”

“Absolutely. Never have I ever felt so refreshed.” She exhaled a long breath. “Bri, I am so in love with this man that it scares me.” Another sip and a shift in her seat, and Allison crossed her legs. The transformation of weather meant that Allison had to pull her boots, sweaters, and jackets back out and put up her bikini wear for the remainder of the season, which she wasn’t exactly thrilled about.

“You did it, didn’t you?”

“What?”

“Took my advice and threw caution to the wind.”

“Girl, if you only knew.” Allison chuckled, thinking about her daring proposition their last night in India. “We had sex on the beach.”

Bri’s eyes enlarged.

“Fighting against the strongest currents in the world.”

Bri’s mouth dropped.

“It was amazing, dangerous, and nasty,” she purred. “And when I tell you that man held on to me like nothing or no one could pull us apart, I was…” she paused and sighed dreamily.

“Oh my God, I have never been a jealous bitch, but I am right now.”

They tossed their heads back and laughed, tickled to no end.

“It’s no wonder you can’t pull your head out of the clouds,” Bri uttered. “I would be lost, too.”

Allison’s laughter resided to a giggle. “Yeah, but I don’t know about his parents though.”

“What do you mean?”

Allison rocked her head side to side and swiped her tongue across her teeth.

“They give me the impression of high society people. You know, the kind that live by a set of rules, and anything that threatens their way of life isn’t up to par.”

Bri was momentarily speechless.

Allison nodded. “I’m serious. What should I do? I mean, Lance and I are pretty serious, but I’m not feeling his parents all that much.”

“What did I miss?” Bri finally spoke.

Allison shrugged. “At the wedding, his father was interested in my ovaries.”

Bri shrieked and covered her mouth with a gasp.

“What!?”

Allison nodded. “Yeah, and I do get it to an extent, but the level of interest was uncomfortable; going so far as to inquire about my health.”

“Oh wow.”

“Yeah.”

Bri knew with Allison’s year starting off amid health issues, that would be the last thing she wanted to discuss.

“Well, look at it like this, maybe Mr. Valentine sees you as Lance’s future spouse. That would be a good thing, right?”

“Sure, if that was set in stone.”

“I mean you guys are together, and pretty serious like you just pointed out.”

“Yeah but, Bri, the man talks as if we’re engaged and have a date set to be wed. And even then, who goes off and has children right after marriage? Can we enjoy each other first?”

Bri heard her frustrations, and she also knew Allison was fearful of how her health would impact a pregnancy. She’d said as much during her aggravated rants when she’d first found out.

Bri reached across the table. “Talk to him. I’m sure you can come up with a solution.”

Allison nodded on a sigh. “You’re right. I will.”

But thirty minutes into a phone call with Lance, Allison had yet to breach the subject.

“Did you get everything taken care of today?”

The deep groove of his voice strummed softly through the phone.

“I did. Bri is the best, she has everything in order, I feel as if there’s not much for me to do.”

“That’s excellent. You always want to have someone like that on your team.”

Allison nodded. “She has a brilliant team herself. Her photographer Phillip has more connections than the president.”

Lance chuckled. “Then she’s lucky to have that guy, too.”

“I’d say so.”

“How are things at the studio today?”

“On schedule. Today, we shot the avalanche scene so a lot of doubles and stunt men on set. Makes for an adventurous day.”

“Sounds like it.”

“You should come by the set and see the magic happen in person.”

“I’d love to. It wouldn’t interrupt your flow, would it?”

“Unless you drug me off to the nearest room and…”

Allison giggled as heat saturated her skin.

“Other than that, I think I can manage.”

Allison was nodding. “Okay, give me a date, and I’ll make sure to take the day off. Unless, of course, you want to make it a featured story. Behind the scenes of Midnight on the Alps with award-winning Hollywood producer, Lance Valentine.”

“Whatever you like, love.”

She was only joking but his swift agreement created a coil of warmth that settled within her.

“Are we still on for dinner tonight,” she asked.

“Yeah, but I should tell you, my parents have asked to join. Or rather, they want us to join them at home. My mom wants to cook for us, what do you think about that? No pressure.”

But Allison felt nothing but pressure. She closed her eyes and covered the phone then exhaled a languid sigh.

“Um, you don’t mind if I take a raincheck, do you?”

“Not at all. They’ll understand.”

Allison wasn’t too sure about that.

“I’ll let them know and see you tonight.”

“Okay.”

“I love you,” he added.

Allison’s heart thundered; her body a constant furnace.

“I love you, too.”

They held the phone, basking in mutual adoration.

When the line was cut, Lance glanced down at the phone then took his attention to the Tudor style home he sat facing. He tucked his phone in the pocket of his high collar wool-blend over coat and exited the Bentley for the front porch.

Lance pressed the doorbell, and the sound lingered throughout the house; seconds later, footsteps approached.

A gust of wind sailed past Lance upon the doors opening, then the screen cracked as an older gentleman with a semi low neat afro, thick mustache, and black rimmed glasses, eyed him from its opening. His shoulders stretched the width of the door frame, and his stock build paused as he waited for his visitor’s request.

“Mr. Sullivan,” Lance offered his hand. “I’m Lance Valentine, your daughter’s boyfriend. Can I have a moment of your time?”

Mr. Sullivan’s thorough assessment of Lance didn’t give a look into his thoughts, but at his extended hand, Lance figured that was a first step.

“You’re about my height, I see,” Thomas Sullivan said. “You look much shorter on TV.”

Lance’s grizzly laugh bellowed, and his eyes lit up as he smiled.

“Come on in.”

They entered the home, and Lance followed Allison’s father down a long hallway. “My wife is out with her friends, so if you’d like something from the kitchen, tell me now before we pass it.”

“No, thank you, I’m good.”

Mr. Sullivan grunted then strolled into a library. Lance’s gaze settled on the brandy on a nearby bar, and instantly, Lance’s father came to mind. The similarities between their families, from the meddling ways of their mothers to their father’s commonality for books and dark alcohol were telling in themselves.

“You’re a reader,” Lance pointed out. “My father also loves his library, and his brandy.” Lance chuckled.

“Sounds like a smart man.”

Lance nodded. “I think so.”

“Would you like a glass?”

Lance took a glance at his watch and eyed the late afternoon hour.

“No, thank you, sir, I’m fine.”

“Suit yourself.” Mr. Sullivan strolled to the bar and poured a shot into a short glass then took a sip. “What do I owe the nature of this visit?”

Lance tucked his hand inside the wool pockets of his coat.

“I’m in love with your daughter, and I wanted you to know what kind of man she’s dealing with.”

Thomas tilted his head. “Go on.”

“I plan to honor her every day of my life, with respect, dependability, moral integrity, and generosity. She’ll be my priority every morning that I’m blessed to wake again. You and I haven’t gotten the chance to bond like I expect a future father and son-in-law would; however, no one ever plans to come across their destiny.” He paused. “At least, I didn’t.”

“From the very first moment I laid eyes on her, she has been connected to me, spiritually. I know her grace, her worries, and fears. She’s my missing link, and today, I stopped by hoping to get your and Mrs. Sullivan’s blessing to wed her, and along the way grow a relationship with the two of you.”

Mr. Sullivan readjusted the black frames on his face and took another sip of his brandy. In a leisurely stroll, he walked to Lance and stood in front of him, eye to eye.

“I don’t give second chances to anyone who breaks her heart. You would do good to remember that,” he paused. “Son.”

Lance grinned and nodded as Mr. Sullivan accepted his proffered hand.

“I hear you loud and clear and wouldn’t expect anything less.”

They shared a strong handshake.

“You still don’t want that glass?” Mr. Sullivan said.

Lance shrugged. “We’re celebrating right, why not.”

Thomas nodded and trod to the bar. “That’s the spirit.”





The next night





The Bentley Mulsanne stopped at the curb of Allison’s condo, but before the chauffeur could make a move for the door, Lance made his exit, quickly rounding the car in haste to get to Allison.

She was standing on the front porch, covered in a coat that ran from her shoulders to her ankles. Spiked heels were on her feet, and her hair laid against her shoulders in a sway.

“Beauty, why are you outside?”

“Oh, well, I knew you were about to pull up, so I decided to wait for you.” Her eyes lit up on a soft smile.

“Baby, I’d rather you stay safe inside, and when I arrive, I’ll come for you. Promise me you won’t do that again.”

She smirked then pursed her lips on a blush.

“I promise.”

He bent and kissed her mouth, soft, long, and slow.

“I’ve got a surprise for you.”

Allison wiggled her brows. “I like surprises.”

“Good.” He stepped to her side and lifted his arms. “If you’ll follow me.”

Allison wrapped her arm in his, and he led her off the porch to their awaiting vehicle, where he helped her inside, then slid in after Allison.

The door closed, and seconds later, they were off.

“First, I’d like to apologize for missing dinner last night,” Lance said. “It took a little longer to wrap up the scene we were working on.”

“I understand.”

He tweaked her chin.

“I’d also like to tell you how proud I am of you. The way you care about others is beautiful.” He paused. “I never got to tell you that I saw your segment where you cleared up rumors of being ill and what your struggles were. That was mighty brave. You didn’t have to do that or encourage people who may have similar symptoms to seek medical attention, but you did, and I want to thank you for being you.”

Lance reached for her hand and lifted her fingers to his lips for a kiss. Allison’s heart was full, and her smile reached her eyes.

“Thank you.” She repeated something he’d said once upon a time. “It’s the way that I am. I don’t know how else to be.”

He stared her down, then slipped his arm around her shoulders to pull her closer, placing a kiss aside her forehead.

“It is why we mesh, my love, and I’ve got a request to ask of you.” Lance opened a compartment on the back seat and reached inside.

“A blindfold?” Allison said.

“Until we arrive at our destination.”

She smirked, and a thrill ran through her soul.

“You know I’m thinking naughtily, don’t you?”

Lance barked in laughter, and Allison turned her head as he wrapped it around her eyes.

A sliver of heat spread down Allison’s ear when Lance leaned in and whispered, “I’ll be sure to put you on punishment for that later.”

Allison purred. “Promise?”

His lips sealed against hers.

“Mmmm, that’ll do,” she said, satisfied with his response.

Ten minutes into their venture, Allison became antsy at the silence of the car and the steady caress of Lance’s fingers in her palm. The Mulsanne approached like a predator, quiet and unannounced.

“We’re here.”

“So, I can take this off now?”

“Not just yet. Give me your hands and let me guide you.”

“You want me to walk blindfolded, yikes. If I fall—”

“You won’t.”

Allison pressed her lips together, and she followed him out into the night air through the doors of a building. When she went from cold to warm and the clink of her heels met a floor, Allison was certain they were now inside.

“Are you ready?”

Allison’s toes curled nervously. “Yes,” she said, so stoked she almost squealed before the wrap was taken off her face.

“Surprise!”

“Oh my God!” Her hands flew to her face as she glanced around at friends, her mother and father, and co-workers from WTZB. They were in Mr. and Mrs. Valentine’s estate, and it was spruced with elegant décor, with a host of servers in attendance.

Lance turned to her. “Most people celebrate an event once it’s over and successful. But we wanted to celebrate your achievement ahead of time.”

“Congratulations!” They chimed again with smiles of joy on their faces.

“Oh, thank you guys so much!”

She turned on her heels and came front and center with Leslie Valentine who stood a short distance across the room. His wink was a promise to visit her at any moment, and Allison wouldn’t have to wait long for his approach as his path was turned in her direction.





Chapter Seventeen





Lance had no idea Allison was secretly avoiding his parents. Not that it was something she practiced ritually, but whenever there was a known chance to be in the same venue or space with them, Allison steered clear. She’d made up her mind that the next time they crossed paths would be at her fundraiser, and Allison had been mentally preparing for that. However, those plans were gone now that Lance had thrown her a surprise congratulatory party. Yet, witnessing Leslie Valentine make his way across the room, Allison tightened her mouth and prepared for the questioning.

“Don’t look so frightened.”

Allison peered to her right and twisted her lips at Corinne. “Is it written all over my face?” Allison whispered.

Corinne tinkered out a laugh. “Yeah. Trust me, it’s not as bad as it’s presented.”

“I take it by that comment you’ve been through the invasive questioning.”

Corinne nodded. “Oh yeah. Look at it this way, when it’s our parents, the men must go through the same thing. Maybe worse.”

Allison watched Leslie Valentine peer at her a time or two while holding a conversation with London Jones, and she had to wonder if London was enduring her own interrogation right then.

“I’m not sure about that,” Allison responded. “Who do you think is worse, a mother or father?”

“I think, for men, it’s usually the fathers and vice versa for us.”

Then why did Allison feel as if her back was against the wall when it came to Leslie Valentine?

“Here he comes, don’t let ‘em see you sweat.” Corrine chuckled and strolled away. If only she knew.

The closer he came, the more Allison could see his sons in Leslie’s features. Hunter, Xavier, Lance, a bit of all of them were present in one way or another. That made her spirit calm just a little, as if witnessing that reassured her that she didn’t have anything to worry about. Still, there was a part of her that felt anxious.

“Good evening, Ms. Sullivan,” Leslie said, coming to a halt at her side. “I hope you’re enjoying your party.”

“Good evening. I am. Thank you for having it.”

“Oh, you’d have to oblige my son for that. It was his idea.”

“But your home.”

Leslie nodded. “That it is, and you’re most welcome. I have the feeling you’ll be a part of the family soon, and who knows, maybe you’ll want to use the place for your next fundraising event.”

Allison’s eyes widened. “Why would you think I’ll be a part of your family soon? Do you know something I don’t?”

“No. I think we’re both aware.” He winked, and Allison tried to hold down her blush, but it pushed forth anyway, sending a flare of heat through her cheeks.

Changing the subject, Allison asked, “You would allow me to use your home for a public event?”

“When you consider that it’s not really a public event, it’s not so bad.”

“Yes, of course, well I mean, the people who RSVP would be strangers.”

“And we have plenty of space on the opposite side of the estate for that. My wife has hosted many soirees here. Trust me, there’s a place for everything.”

Allison smiled warmly and nodded while taking her eye around the high columns and tray ceilings. The thought of having an event in the opulence of their home brightened her even more.

“I hope you don’t mind me bringing this back up,” Leslie began, “but the last time we spoke, we were interrupted, and I never got a chance to ask you how you were after you left suddenly at the reception.”

The knot in Allison’s belly was back. She probably shouldn’t drink tonight, but as a server passed her with a tray of champagne, she reached for a glass and drank it halfway.

“To be specific, we were discussing kids.”

“Kids?”

Leslie’s mouth opened into a grizzly smile. “Yes, but tell me Allison, are you okay?”

Heat stung her face even more, and she couldn’t form the words to calm his concerns.

“I’m fine.”

It was all she could muster, even though Allison had been practicing what she would say when she faced him again.

“Is there anything my wife or I could help with?”

“No, no.” She smiled and sighed, feeling precarious about the topic of conversation. “I’ve got everything under control, trust me.”

Leslie nodded, but there was still uncertainty in his gaze. He could feel Allison’s uneasiness, and for that reason, he assumed changing the subject to his next line of question would calm her, but it didn’t.

“So, kids,” he mentioned.

“Huh, kids?” Allison questioned.

Leslie’s bright smile reminded her of Lance’s, and arbitrarily, her eyes fluttered around in search of him.

“What about kids?” she asked while avoiding eye contact.

“I asked you if you wanted children, and you said if you were to entertain the thought, it would be something you planned. You felt as if it was the only way to go about having children. When you’re ready.”

“Oh sure, I remember that.”

Leslie nodded. “I told you life never works that way, one would never be prepared because of unrealistic expectations a person could hold over themselves.”

Allison nodded and took another swig of her drink.

“However, you were certain that you would need to plan for such a blessing. I acquired the feeling you were certain about it, why is that?”

Her eyes finally rested on him. “To be frank, Mr. Valentine, I’d like to make sure I’m financially stable and physically able. I’m thirty-seven, and as my gynecologist keeps reminding me, I’m moving closer to an age that may provide complications should I continue to wait to have a baby.”

“This is all the more reason why you should be encouraged to increase your family.”

“What family, Mr. Valentine?”

They grew silent and eyed each other for a minute longer than usual.

“Families are created, Ms. Sullivan. They don’t just be. If you want to expand, make some room. It’s under your control.”

Allison smiled. “You’re right, and it should be that easy. I guess for most it is.”

“But not for you?”

“No.”

They became silent again.

“As I said before, I don’t mean to come off pushy. It is just in my best interest to see if our children will bear us healthy grandkids before we’re too old to bounce them on our backs.”

Allison’s eye trailed over the thick muscular structure of his torso, the width in his shoulders, and firmness of this thighs, trying not to appear as if she was ogling him. His profile spoke of authority and timeless vigor. Leslie Valentine was in excellent shape much like his sons.

“I hardly doubt even when you’re ninety years old that you won’t have the resilience to play with your grandkids. Besides, what I have is not likely to be inherited, so I wouldn’t worry about that.”

Their conversation went silent again, and Allison cursed herself internally. Had she just told him she had a health issue? She straightened her shoulders.

“And I’d just like to add that because your son and I have been dating doesn’t necessarily mean I’ll be the one to have his children.” She drank the rest of her champagne. “Excuse me,” she said, side-stepping him and grabbing another flute off a passing table.

“Hey, Allison,” London said as she passed.

“Hey,” Allison responded, but her legs kept moving. When Allison spotted the double doors that led to the veranda, her speed increased, and she pushed the doors opened swiftly then closed them behind her. A swirl of wind encompassed her, and she closed her eyes then exhaled. Turning on the heel of her boot, Allison released another sigh and lifted the flute to her lips where she took a sip.

She and Lance’s relationship had been blissful thus far. With him, she felt peace, serenity, protected, even guided. Truth be told, Allison had never felt more leveled in her life. That spoke volumes for her. She was the type to believe in fate, but she couldn’t help but have this nagging feeling that she might not be the one for him. How was that possible? He, on the other hand, appeared to be just what the doctor ordered, no pun intended. But she suffered from feelings of inadequacy. Not in finances, education, appearance, or social status, but in health. Could she give him heirs?

Allison’s emotions tumbled through her in an argument that went back and forth until she made a decision. And she hoped for her sake, she wasn’t making the wrong one.





Lance stepped through the kitchen doors and frowned when he found it empty. Crossing the marble tile, he headed toward the exit on the opposing side of the room that led to the dining hall. Huddled closely, Corinne and Camilla were posed with wine glasses in their hands and smiles on their faces. Something Camilla was whispering tickled Corinne to death as she tossed her head back and laughed.

“Excuse me, sisters,” Lance said.

They both glanced to him with their smiles holding in place.

“Hey, big brother,” Camilla answered. “What’s up?”

“I’m looking for Allison, have you seen her?”

“Umm, no, I haven’t in a little minute,” Camilla responded. “I called myself sneaking off to the kitchen to eat some of those pancetta, pear, and pecan puffs. Love little finger foods.”

She rubbed her belly, and Lance chuckled.

“I’m sure my nephew loves them, too,” he said.

“Or niece,” Corinne added.

“Why do I get the feeling you want the baby to be a girl?” Lance asked Corinne.

“The same reason why I assume you want a boy.” She smirked. “Besides, girls are more fun.”

Camilla agreed with a smile and nod.

“Now, Corinne, I’ve never heard you tell a lie so easily before,” Lance suggested.

Camilla balled in laughter, and Corinne pursed her lips with a smirk.

“We’ll pick this conversation up later. I’m sure Xavier and Hunter have a thing or two to add,” Lance continued.

“Are we supposed to be afraid? Our stance will stay the same when we’re all in the room together.”

Lance chuckled. “We’ll see.”

“Yes, we will, and by the way, the last time I saw Allison she was talking to your father.”

“Oh yeah, how long ago was that?”

“Hmmm, I guess about thirty minutes ago.”

“Thanks.”

Lance moved off, headed for the library where his father enjoyed spending time surfing through books and offering Brandy to his guests. The hardwood floor announced his presence as his heavy footsteps tread up to the tall mahogany wooden door. Lance took his knuckles across the barrier twice then entered without waiting for clearance. Leslie Valentine stood in front of a bookshelf, eyeing the titles as if he hadn’t seen them a thousand times before. In his hand a short glass of Brandy on the rocks kept his palm company. Upon Lance’s entrance, Leslie tilted just slightly to look over his shoulder.

“Hey, Dad.”

“How are you, son?”

“I’m good, looking for Allison. Have you seen her?”

“Oh yes, we were talking a minute ago, but she left abruptly.”

Lance frowned. “Abruptly?”

Leslie rotated the glass in his hand slowly and nodded.

“Is she all right?” Leslie inquired.

Lance’s frown deepened. “Why wouldn’t she be?”

Leslie shrugged. That was something Lance had never seen him do before.

“I got the feeling our conversation wasn’t going in the direction I was trying to take it, if you know what I mean.”

The fine hairs behind Lance’s ears rose. “I’m afraid I don’t.”

“Well when you see her, tell her I’d like to talk to her again, just to make sure there’s no misunderstanding.”

Lance nodded once and turned on his heels. He would’ve asked what the conversation regarded, but he was too eager to find Allison and make sure she was okay. The thing was, Lance checked everywhere. The foyer, the gallery, the great hall, the billiard room, among other spots. By the time he’d finished searching not only was he confused but now worried. Taking out his cell phone, Lance dialed Allison’s number, and her tone shrilled within his hearing distance.

He followed the sound that led him to the double doors of the veranda where he ended the call and slipped his cell back inside his pocket. Opening the doors, Lance eased out into the cool night air.

“Beauty…”

Allison turned to him, and the visible worry in her eyes gripped his heart though he didn’t know the reason. Feeling protective of her anxiety, he stepped closer to Allison, covering her form with the width of his shadow. His hands reached for hers, and without rejecting him, she allowed Lance to remove the tumbler from her hand and sit it to the side. Pulling her closer, Lance’s brows dipped as his gaze penetrated hers with concern.

“I’ve looked for you everywhere,” his deep voice grooved. Allison didn’t respond, only held on to the knot that continued to rise in her throat. “You didn’t answer your phone,” he pointed out. “Tell me what’s wrong.”

Allison opened her mouth and took in a fresh bout of air, her courage wavering now that she was in front of him.

“I um…” she paused then dropped her eyes, and Lance tilted his head to recapture her gaze. “Lance,” her voice trembled slightly, and Lance knew whatever she was about to say would not sit well in his spirit.

“Beauty…” The warmth of his palm left her hand and coached her chin up with the tips of his fingers. “Talk to me.”

She continued to hesitate before speaking. “I’ve had a great time with you and having this party for me was kind.” She paused. “You’ve done so much on my behalf in the few weeks that we’ve gotten closer that I couldn’t possibly repay you.”

“I didn’t do this for you to—”

“I know,” she nodded, giving him a curt but tight smile. “I know. That’s not why I’m saying this. I just want you to know how much it means to me that you’ve been there. I really love that about you, so kind and caring.”

Lance smiled warmly and drew her closer in the comfort of his chest. “What else do you love about me?” his deep voice drummed with tease.

Allison’s heart ricocheted in her chest. Yes, it was true she loved him more then he would ever know, but that wasn’t something she could admit now lest she completely break down in front of him.

“I’m going to shoot for honesty here and just come out with what I’m trying to say, or I may never get it out,” she confessed.

Lance’s concern was back, etched in the brilliant sculptural design of his face.

“I don’t want to waste your time, and at this age in my life I’m looking for a steady relationship. One that I can grow old with,” she shrugged, “and maybe live the rest of my days cherishing.”

Lance went to respond, but Allison spoke over him.

“You deserve that, too.” She paused again. “You deserve everything your heart desires and more. Beautiful, healthy children, someone your pulse beats for, someone your parents approve of.” She paused. “That person is not me.”

Taken aback, Lance’s gut tightened, and a calamitous disturbance in his soul shifted.

“Have I made you feel in any way that you weren’t enough for me?” He responded, his voice a deep mask of pain.

“No, of course not.”

“Then I don’t understand. Where is this all coming from?”

She hesitated. “I think your parents want someone who is better equipped to meet your needs.”

Lance’s eyes widened. “You’re serious.”

Allison nodded as the tightness in her chest continued to evolve.

“Better equipped? Meet my needs?”

Her way of repeating words for a clearer understanding had rubbed off on him. Allison would’ve found it cute had she not been aching with despair at that very moment.

“What are you talking about? My parents adore you.”

She shook her head. “No, they don’t.”

Lance scoffed. “Are you kidding? Let’s go talk to them right now and settle this.”

“No!”

Her outburst gave him pause, and he took note of her shaken stature. In Allison’s mind, she thought about how she’d revealed her health issue with his father and grimaced.

“They thought I was perfect,” she said, feeling deflated. “But I’m not.” She hurled an immense sigh. “I don’t belong in your flawless world.”

“Allison, I’m not flawless, my parents, nor my brothers are either.”

“Lies,” she said. “Everything is impeccable around here, even the damn display of cheese on the serving table.”

“Then I’ll knock the damn table over, whatever it takes.”

“Lance…”

“No, Allison, no, I won’t let you do this. You’re not the type of person to run away from anything, so why would you start now?”

“How am I running by admitting the truth to myself, to you?”

“Because this can be resolved with a conversation with my mother and father.”

Allison sighed heavily. “This is where you’re wrong.” She looked away from him momentarily and shook her head. “Do you think this is the first time I’ve spoken to them? I’ll go further, and say it’s not Mrs. Valentine, but your father, and I assume that his thoughts resemble your mother’s.” She paused. “Lance, I don’t want to argue with you. This is the way it has to be.”

“What are you saying?”

They watched each other for the better part of a minute.

“We should … should … take a break and figure out if being together makes sense.”

Fear knotted inside him, and a heavy outpouring of panic tumbled through his veins. It was the same alarm he’d felt at Hunter’s wedding reception when she appeared as if she would pass out. Losing her created a surge of anxiety that gnawed at his insides and coated his heart with icy trepidation.

“Don’t do this.” The brim of his chest crushed hers as he moved a tiny step even closer, drawing Allison’s hands back into his and intertwining their fingers. “I won’t let you back away from me, away from us.”

His eyes misted over, but Lance never released the tears that threatened to fall.

Allison’s vison also clouded. To see this strong beautiful man breaking right in front of her caused her chest to swell with aches. She wanted the fairy tale ending, but how was she to get it when his father expected more?

“Don’t make this harder than it needs to be,” she practically whispered. “Please.”

“Allison.”

“I’m sorry, I—I’ve gotta go.”

Allison pulled away from him and turned to leave the veranda. Her hand reached for the knob when Lance gripped her arm to stop her from departing. Allison turned back, mirroring the hurt and pain in his face with an added frown. Her eye dropped to his grip, and he released her, feeling a ton of misery that waved through his chest. Without another word, she edged through the doors counting the steps she took while convincing herself that this was the right decision.

“Keep going, keep going, keep going,” she chanted, making it to the front door without being stopped. Allison breathed out a sigh as her footing crossed the threshold, and just as Allison thought she would make it to her car without explanation she heard his voice.

“Allison!”

Her body vibrated at the devastation in his expression, causing her to bite down on her teeth and force herself to keep moving.

“Please!”

She slammed the door just as that sheen of tears finally descended her cocoa cheeks. Wiping her eyes quickly, Allison turned on the engine and put the car in reverse. When her gaze blinked forward, there he was, coming off the porch to chase her down.

Her body rocked as a cry tore from her mouth, but she never paused to hear him say anything more. There was nothing that could fix them, fix her. She was damaged, and as she drove away, thoughts of her love for him made Allison weep like a newborn baby, all the way across town to her condo.





Chapter Eighteen





Left stunned and staring after her, Lance couldn’t believe the quick turn of events. They were in love one minute, and the next Allison was breaking up with him. Lance tossed his hands onto his head, backpedaling with his feet as he blew out a strong, frustrated breath. Joining him near the porch, Hunter and Camilla, Xavier and Corinne, and Raphael and Bri crowded his space.

“What’s going on?” Hunter barked.

Seconds ticked by, then Leslie Valentine also joined the growing spectators. His father slapped a hand on his back. “Was that Allison?”

Lance couldn’t untangle his thoughts long enough to answer Hunter. He turned to his father. “What did you say to her?” His question rang with command.

“I don’t know what answer you’re looking for, son, but—”

“I’m looking for the one I asked.” Lance was seething, but he worked to keep his attitude to a minimal in order to refrain from disrespecting his father.

“Lance, what is this about?” Xavier questioned, disturbed by the tone in his brother’s voice.

“Allison seems to think all of a sudden that she doesn’t match up to the person my parents think I should be with.”

“Oh no,” Bri said.

“Why does she think this?” Lance continued.

“Does Allison have a health condition, son?”

“Why does that matter, Father?”

“It’s important for your parents to know if she’s going to be the one you marry.”

“Jesus Christ!” Lance barked. “I haven’t even proposed, and whatever you’ve said to her has probably ruined any chance of that happening now!”

“Lower your voice, young man. I’ll not have you speak to your father that way,” his mother said, sliding into the ring.

Lance stalked off the porch and Raphael, Xavier, and Hunter followed behind him. Kyle exited at the last minute with London in tow looking after the group.

“Someone fill me in,” he said.





Raphael reached for Lance’s shoulder, but Lance shook him off.

“Brother,” Raphael’s thick voice drummed. “Tell us exactly what happened.”

“It doesn’t matter.” Frustrated, Lance halted his escape and dropped down to a crouch where he lowered his head, sinking his fingers into his hair. “Ugggggh!” He fought to maintain his sanity, but it had been severely compromised.

“It matters to us.” It was Xavier who’d spoken this time, and he and the other band of brothers dropped down to Lance’s position, also on their haunches. “Let us help you turn this around. Allison is already like an annoying little sister with her non-jokes and pass interferences.”

The men chuckled, and the slight jab melted through some of Lance’s frost.

“You know Dad didn’t mean to—”

“Yeah I know,” Lance said, blowing out an exasperating breath. “That doesn’t make this any better though, does it? Allison is worried about her future, she’s—”

“Fragile,” Xavier said.

“I was thinking along the lines of delicate,” Lance said. “She has to be handled with care.”

“And you’re sure you’re the one to handle her?”

Lance cocked his head to the side as his brow arched in challenge.

“That’s why we’re going to correct this,” Hunter inserted.

“I’m going over there.” Lance stood to his feet.

“Give her the night,” Xavier said.

“Oh, like you did at Hunter’s bachelor party?” Lance threw back.

“This isn’t about me, it’s about you.”

Raphael smirked over at Xavier, and Hunter chuckled.

“It never is about us when we’re trying to teach a lesson, is it?” Lance countered.

“This is a lot of wasted words right here, brother. It’s still not about me.”

Hunter and Raphael laughed harder.

“Whatever, man.”

“No seriously,” Xavier said with a smirk on his face. “Let your girl rest for the night. I don’t even have to tell you what to do next,” Xavier paused then rubbed the long coat of his beard one time. “Do I?”

Lance twisted his mouth. “Hell no.”

“Then that settles it,” Hunter added. “Tomorrow.”

Lance glanced around at his brothers one by one then conceded. “And not a day longer,” he said.





Willis Tower

66th Floor, The Metropolitan





Being here again only heightened Allison’s nervousness, especially as the vivid memories of her last time here with Lance burned through her.

Last night, she’d cried in the condo, in the shower, and in bed. Her heart had shattered as if she was the one who’d been broken up with, which told her one thing: Allison was undisputedly in love with Lance Valentine.

At 8 a.m. the next day, her doorbell wouldn’t stop its jingle as someone pressed a constant finger into the button. For the longest time, Allison was going to ignore it. She tossed and turned with the sheets covering her head, defiant in being interrupted.

But after fifteen minutes of nonstop ringing, she fell out of bed and stumbled her way to the door.

“What is it!?” She shouted, opening the entrance without checking the peephole.

“Oh, dear heaven,” Bri, Camilla, and Corinne said as all three poured into the room, aghast at the wreck of a mess presented before them.

Allison’s silk ankle-length nightgown revealed signs of perspiration at the armpits, around her chest, and worst of all, it was on backwards as the tag stood upright flipped through the top like a middle finger.

Allison’s hair was disheveled, and not in the sexy way that would make a man excited, but in the horrific way that would make her hairstylist cringe. A patch of hair was mashed to one side of her head as if it had been matted for days. Clearly, she slept on one side, and signs of mascara were mushed at the corner of her eyes, telling the three of them that she hadn’t bothered to take off her foundation.

“Why are you here this early?” Allison asked, still squinting her eyes and tasting the morning breath on her tongue.

“Baby, no, no, no, this is not the way,” Corinne said.

“What are you talking about?”

“You look like a train wreck.”

“Corinne,” Camilla chided.

“What? I’m just being honest. I bet she didn’t even bother to check the peephole. What if we would’ve been Lance?”

“Then I would’ve shut the door in his face,” Allison said.

Corinne and Camilla murmured at the same time. “Yeah, right.”

Allison narrowed her eyes. “I’m not under a spell like you two,” Allison cut her eyes at Bri, “three.”

Bri frowned.

“Yeah, we don’t believe that either,” Corinne added.

“Allison, your fundraiser starts in ten hours, and you’ve got a long day ahead of you,” Bri interjected. “Now I don’t know what happened last night between you and Mr. Valentine, but you don’t have all day to wallow in it. We’ve gotta turn you into perfection in just a few hours.”

There was that word again, perfection. Allison ran an eye over each of them in their chic attire, high heels, and brand-named shades. Allison was still tired, and it would probably take her forty-eight hours to come close to looking like that.

“First, let me just say Mr. Valentine is my husband,” Camilla added, “so let’s just call him Daddy Valentine.”

The four ladies glanced at each other one by one. “Ew, I get a different face when I think of Daddy Valentine,” Corinne said. Camilla gasped, and Bri fell forward in laughter.

“Oh my God,” Allison groaned.

“No!” Corinne rushed to explain herself. “I’m talking about Xavier, not Daddy—or Leslie,” she stuttered, feeling a flush of embarrassment. Bri continued to laugh, and Camilla just shook her head.

“Nasty,” Camilla added.

“Oh please, you ate fingers for breakfast,” Corinne jabbed.

“Oh my God,” Bri laughed out.

“How many times are you going to bring that up?” Camilla asked.

“Every time you try and act like a saint.”

Camilla half-rolled her eyes. “I do not act like a saint.”

“Mmhmm, anyway,” Corinne turned to Allison and handed her a bag that had a sweet aroma drifting from the folded edges.

Allison’s nostrils perked. “What is this,” she asked although having a clue.

“A blueberry bagel. Your favorite.” Corinne nodded as if proud of herself. She, Camilla, and Bri knew that if Allison ate anything it would be that bagel, so they skipped the conventional breakfast altogether just to make sure she put something on her stomach.

They were right, and over the next several hours, they primed Allison, transforming her from the Grinch that stole Christmas to a goddess. In a midnight gown that hung off supple brown shoulders, the dress clung to Allison’s smooth skin, arching around expressways as her curves took over the design. It paused mid-calf and moved in a shimmer around her legs. Should Allison sway, the fabric would in turn follow her command, bending to her will with each interchange of her hips. Corinne was over makeup and nails, while Camilla was over hair. Preparations were in Bri’s hands, and with the phone glued to her ear, she made sure everything was in place, and the caterers were ready to serve the thirteen thousand people who’d RSVP’d.

With the three of them moving around Allison, the pampering aided in taking her mind off Lance. However, now that she stood in the Willis Tower, a fresh wave of his company hit her like a ton of bricks. Allison remembered their clandestine engagement in the Lincoln room during Hunter and Camilla’s wedding, and ever since Allison’s mind conjured the commemoration, chills continued to storm her flesh. Since her arrival, Allison checked each area of the venue, taking in the splendid contribution of Bri St. James’s interior design. Red, white, and black adorned the walls in drapery, while round circular tables dressed in the signature colors sat throughout the forty-thousand square footage, topped with the finest china money could buy.

Everyone was ready, the servers in their starched black pants and white crisped shirts laced with a red tie; the donated canvases that sat behind the stage cloaked and set to be auctioned off; the bachelors whom Allison, Bri, and Corinne combed over in great detail were also prepared. But there was one person who wasn’t.

She felt his shadow crawl her up spine before his voice strummed out. “Beauty…”

The baritone intonation stung her ears, and her heart kicked up an extra tempo as she turned on an easy twist; her attention pulled to him. Allison’s gaze ate up his prominence, taking note of the way the suit fit his measurements in a way that screamed custom tailored. She’d known he was there, since she could feel him in the neighboring vicinity whenever he entered the room. Lance was absent from the bachelor area, and Allison wanted to be relieved, but she couldn’t help but feel despondent. Now, seeing him in front of her, decked out in Armani from the gleam of his shined oxfords to the stitch that ran through his seams, a ripple of abounding heat cloaked her skin, thumbing her flesh with an invasive saturation.

“You didn’t have to come,” she said.

“Why wouldn’t I? Am I no longer welcomed?”

Allison’s eyes widened. “Of course you are. You practically put this event together.”

“No, we’re partners. We planned it, together.”

Silence filled the space around them, and Allison worked overtime to keep her breathing even.

“You don’t think you can just get rid of me that easily, do you?” Lance took a step toward her. “Not when you know the kind of man that I am.” His gaze held an undeniable flare of purpose; sharp and assessing.

“Excuse me, Ms. Sullivan, it’s time to begin.”

Allison forced her gaze to the auctioneer, Philip, and smiled politely.

“Thank you.” She peered back at Lance then glanced around the room at the many women who could possibly bid on him. When her eyes fell on a woman sitting quietly at a table of two, Allison observed her thin lips spread into an audacious smile. She eyed Allison for a good minute before taking her long lashes over the outline of Lance’s build. She was openly engrossed, and though it rattled Allison just a bit, she put on a brave face, squared her shoulders, and took her attention back to Lance.

“You’re just as handsome as ever, Lance. Someone’s a lucky girl tonight.”

Allison hesitated and thought for a millisecond about asking him to stay out of the auction but remembering her promise to her donor and that they were no longer a couple, Allison retracted on the thought.

“Allison.”

Lance reached for her, but she eluded his touch.

“If you’ll excuse me.”

She side-stepped Lance and waved through the crowd until she disappeared behind the stage curtain. Her parting words rang out in Lance’s ear, and he turned to have his own glance around the venue. When he caught the same eye that Allison had moments before, he held it there then pivoted full circle and walked toward the observing woman.

The lingering smirk on her face spread ambitiously, showing perfectly aligned teeth and a sleek upturned chin. As he approached, Lance slipped his hands inside his pockets and nodded at a guest then two on his journey to the table.

“Hello stranger,” she purred upon his approach.

“Destiny,” he said, “it has been quite a while. How are you?”

Destiny Jameson shrugged, and the knee-length cocktail dress lifted at the arch of her shoulders.

“I can’t complain. You look like a million bucks.”

Lance took note of the diamonds that laced her ears, neck, and wrists.

“Ditto,” he said. “So, what brings you here tonight?”

“A dear friend of mine told me that you would be in the bachelor auction. Having a dual auction is smart, by the way.”

“You would have to thank my fiancée. She’s the one who put it together.”

The soft smile on Destiny’s face dropped but not before she caught it.

“This fiancée of yours, is she the young woman I saw you standing with before?”

“She is.”

“And she’s okay with you going on dates with other women?” Destiny’s curiosity was elevated in the arch of her brow.

“For charity, of course.”

“Hmmm.” Destiny’s smile was back, and it was as mischievous as ever.

“Was there something specific you wanted to speak about or were you just stopping by to say hi?”

A kitten like laugh meowed from her throat, and she took a sip of her champagne. “Are you trying to get rid of me?”

“I simply want to get down to the reason for your attendance. I haven’t heard from you in years, and now, here you are.”

“And whose fault is that, exactly,” she snapped.

Lance bit back on his teeth. “I don’t know what you mean.”

“You know precisely what I mean.” She took another sip. “But that’s old news now, isn’t it?”

“Destiny, whatever you’re trying to say, just get it out.”

“Shouldn’t we go somewhere private,” she asked.

They challenged one another in the length of their stares. This was not the time to have this conversation, for whatever it was meant to accomplish. He had other things that required his attention, like making sure Allison’s fundraiser went off without a hitch. However, when Allison’s voice rang out from the microphone on stage, Lance wanted nothing more than to remove Destiny from the venue. If it took a closed-door hashing to get rid of her, so be it.

“Follow me.”

Destiny smirked harder, feeling triumphant that she’d gotten her way, and as she rose with the champagne in hand, Destiny swayed beside him as Lance led them to a private space.





Chapter Nineteen





Lance escorted her down a long corridor that didn’t have much traffic, then paused and gave her his attention. Feeling oddly disappointed at his choice of destination for privacy, Destiny puckered her lips, lifted her head, and crossed her arms, pushing her caramel brown cleavage in his direction.

“I didn’t come here to start any trouble,” she began.

“Well,” he drawled, “why did you come?”

“I told you. I wanted to see you.”

He waited for her to go on, but her extended pauses were unbecoming.

“Were you ever planning to contact me again,” she asked, then reached for the knot in his tie where she slipped her fingers down to its tip and wrapped it around her fingers. “I’ve missed you.” She tugged, but Lance’s footing held stern.

As respectfully as he could, Lance untangled his tie from her fingers and smoothed it back down his torso.

“I thought you were getting married,” he said.

“I might be.”

At the inquisitive arch of his brow, Destiny went on. “I came here because I needed to face you. We had a good thing, you and I. There were never any regrets when being with you, and I needed to see if what we had was completely gone first.”

Lance sighed and sank his hands back inside his pockets. There was an underlying sadness in her eyes that let him know she wasn’t happy with the life she currently led, or the man she was presently engaged to. Whichever it was, Lance didn’t know, and honestly, he couldn’t find a reason to care long enough to ask.

“Does your fiancé know where you are, Destiny?”

Her warm face stiffened. “No, I don’t think so. That is beside the point.” Her voice had risen just an octave.

“Okay.” Lance glanced down the hall then back to Destiny. “So, what do you think now that you’re here in front of me?”

Destiny bit down on her tongue as if shutting down.

“Let me go first,” he said. “You and I were good together, but we’re over; have been for what feels like decades. I thought you knew this. However, I can understand how you may need clarity, especially when stepping into a new life. The woman you saw me speaking with earlier will soon be my fiancée, whether she knows it or not.”

Surprise registered across Destiny’s face.

“So, you haven’t proposed to her yet, because you called her your fiancée earlier?”

Lance didn’t respond as if what he said spoke for itself.

“You’re in love with her,” she whispered, “something you never offered me.”

Lance locked his jaw. He’d already apologized a million times before, so saying it again felt like redundancy. Still, always the gentleman, he took another stab at it.

“You’re right, and you wasted a lot of time with me that could’ve been saved for the man you were meant to be with. For that, I am sorry.” His gaze scanned the hall again.

“Have dinner with me,” she blurted.

His eyes slowly tracked back to her face.

“Tonight, as a final goodbye,” she added at his questionable look.

“That’s not really necessary, is it? We’re saying goodbye right here.”

“Lance,” she pleaded with her gaze, “it’s the least you could do.”

Lance locked his jaw again. He was never one for floundering in guilt, and even now that Destiny tried that tactic with him, he still didn’t feel compelled to acquiesce.

“My fiancée wouldn’t appreciate that whether it involved a goodbye or hello, and if you hadn’t noticed, I’m busy tonight.”

“You’re back to calling her your fiancée?”

“I never stopped.”

“Jumping the gun a bit there, aren’t you?”

He didn’t respond as he was taken back to the last twenty-four hours.

“Ah yes…” she said, her voice reverting to purring at him. “You’re up for auction, right?”

Lance knew where this was going. “Destiny, you really shouldn’t spare me any more of your valuable time, don’t you think?”

“Nice try,” she said, “but tonight, you’re mine.”





Her gaze immediately skipped over to the broadened stretch of his back as he positioned himself at a table near the exit. From the stage Allison now stood on, Lance emerged in the crowd. While Allison congratulated the growing attendees for joining her tonight, in Allison’s peripheral, she clung to the hushed conversation going on between Lance and the woman who’d eyed her minutes before. Their tone appeared to be soothing enough, and then the woman’s smile lit up her face as she rose to her feet. Focus.

“As you know, the American Diabetes Association is committed to finding a cure to improve every life that is affected by the diagnosis,” Allison said. “In fact, it is their mission. Alongside them, I, too, pledge to make it my priority, and with your donations, we can help facilitate that goal.”

The crowd clapped, and Allison took that spare chance to glance back toward Lance and the mystery woman, but her seat had been vacated; they were gone.

Focus.

Allison leaned toward the mic again. “I thank each one of you for pitching in! And without further ado, I’d like to introduce you to Philip Durand.”

More applause sounded throughout as Philip, the auctioneer, walked to the stage with a hand held out for Allison to take. She accepted it and thanked him while slipping off the platform to head backstage. Allison’s strut was that of a runway model, and her curt smiles here and there gave no indication of the unnerving spectacle that rattled within her. Her swift escape carried her to the ladies’ room where she stood behind the isolation of a stall, needing a mental reality check.

As she stood there adjacent to the door with her back against the wall, that reality came flying full force. Allison ended a relationship that in her mind was as perfect as it could ever get. But you had good reason. She nodded, as if answering her own declaration.

“Get it together, Allison,” she whispered.

And she did, just not in the way she expected. The longer she stood there in thought, the more she began to turn on her initial stance. Before long, the full round of the first auction was over, and the second portion was beginning.





The door to the ladies’ room swung open, and Bri St. James entered with the eye of a person on the hunt. She paused momentarily to check out the area, but seeing no one occupying the sinks, she moseyed stall to stall, inching each door ajar to peek inside.

“Allison, are you in here?”

A sigh came from the fourth stall down. The lock on the door slid open, and Allison stepped out still looking radiant, but melancholy had crept in her eyes.

“Are you okay?” Bri sang, feeling the stinging sadness that radiated from her friend.

“No.”

It was the first time since her rushed escape last night that Allison admitted it.

Bri nodded. “It’s okay, you’re human, right? Of course, you’re not okay.”

“I think I made a mistake.”

Bri nodded again. “It happens, we all do at one time or another. What matters is how we clean up those mishaps.”

Allison smiled; she was genuinely happy to have a friend like Bri.

“Are you still okay with him being a part of the bachelor auction?”

“I was never okay with it.”

Bri chuckled, and Allison cracked a smile. “Well, if I were you, I’d get out there and tell him because if I’m not mistaken, the auctioneer is starting the bid at twenty thousand, and he’s up first.”

Allison’s eyes lurched. “Why would he be up first!?”

“Apparently, Philip wants to get it popping right away.”

“He said that?”

“Yes, I couldn’t believe it either.”

“Oh my God.” She groaned.

Bri ran to her in three short hops and grabbed Allison’s wrist.

“You’re not moving fast enough,” she said, turning on her heels to run out of the lavatory.

In a fast trot down the hall, Bri and Allison exited the back area and entered the lobby where the audience was gathered for the bachelor auction. Women who had not been in attendance before were present, local and long-distance celebrities included.

“Wow, they really poured in here for this portion of the campaign, didn’t they?” Bri said.

“Allison!”

Both Bri and Allison twirled around.

“Where have you been, girl? Are you actually going to allow this to happen?” Corinne asked.

Allison sighed exasperatedly.

“Where did you come from? I thought you left after we cleared the bachelor room,” Bri questioned.

“I’ve been here, so has Camilla, but she got stuck talking to the mayor.”

“Mayor Luke Steele is here?” Allison said, almost surprised.

“Yeah, he was running late due to an emergency at the office, but he’s here.”

“Speak of the devil,” Bri murmured. “Damn that man is fine,” she added as Allison and Corinne turned to see Luke strolling up. He was debonair in a Tom Ford suit that complemented his strong physique and next to him a male acquaintance that was unmistakably familiar accompanied him.

“Good evening, ladies,” Mayor Steele pronounced. His male friend echoed his sentiments, and they both reached to shake the women’s hands.

“Good evening,” Allison, Corinne, and Bri piped.

“Oh, good the gangs almost all here,” Camilla said, rounding the men.

“One hundred thousand dollars,” a woman’s throaty voice rang.

Allison pivoted again, searching the crowd for the woman who’d thrown out such a bid. She was her, the mystery woman who seemed to have a personal eye out on Lance. She was dressed in a body clinging red sequined dress; one that touched the top of her knees and mummified the curves in her body. Resting on her head, a large black floppy hat sat perched in its finest Sunday best flair; on her feet black pumps. Her conspicuous attire said she wanted to be noticed, and she’d certainly gained everyone’s attention.

A knot progressed in Allison’s belly, and she tried to identify with the feeling, but the more she did, the less she liked the emotion. What was that anyway? Jealousy? But why would Allison be envious when Lance was only interested in her, not this other woman, whoever she was. Allison encouraged herself, retained in certainty that Lance was hers for the taking even if she had broken up with him. Even still, now that the auction had begun, there was no way she could ask him to stand down. Lance would have to see the date through.

“Shit,” Allison cursed.

“We can still end this,” Bri encouraged, “this is totally under your control. This is your thing.”

Allison wanted with every fiber inside her to absorb what Bri was putting out, but she couldn’t. This event was being recorded; it would be a total embarrassment to end it because of her own insecurities. That was another revelation Allison noticed about herself. She’d never been insecure before her health issues, and sometimes she felt like a different person because of it. If she never threw his name into the hat, they wouldn’t be in the situation to begin with. But here they were, and Allison held firm and let the bidders fight over her love until the auctioneer banged the podium.

“Sold, for six hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars!”

“Oh my God,” Allison said, covering her chest, trying with impossibility to grip the sudden heaviness that lay across it.

“Girl, your man just made your charity six hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars!” Corinne shouted in a sharp whisper. “I wonder how much I could get for Xavier,” she muttered.

“Yeah right,” Camilla said.

Corrine laughed. “You know I’m just playing.”

“You better be, talking about my brother like that.”

“Oh, what a good big sister you are,” Corinne said, rolling her eyes. “I thought you were supposed to be on my side anyway.”

“I am, until you try to start selling my kinfolks.”

Corinne shook her head while Luke and his friend chuckled.

“Ms. Sullivan, I’d like to introduce you to a friend of mine. This is—”

“Jacob Alexander Rose, world renowned architect and business mogul,” Bri interrupted. “You come in good company, Mr. Mayor, if you don’t mind me saying so.”

“I don’t,” Luke promised. “I wanted Ms. Sullivan and Mr. Rose to meet since he will officially be taking my spot for the auction.”

“Oh,” Bri said. Corinne and Bri spoke to Jacob, but Allison was still hung in a fog.

“She seems to be shocked,” Corinne said, “so forgive her slowness to respond.”

“I don’t think you had any idea how much money you were set to raise from your first event, did you?” Bri said, trying an attempt at jarring her best friend back to the here and now.

Allison shook her head, still speechless from the generous bid. Allison kept her eyes on Lance as he came off the stage with the swagger of a prince and a thoroughbred. He smiled at the crowd that cheered, and the cameras recorded while photographers snapped pictures so fast, he was blinded in a storm of light. Nodding at each person he passed, Lance made his way to the mystery woman’s side and whispered something Allison couldn’t make out. Everyone stared after them, and the flash from cameras all around continued to capture the moment.

On the stage, Philip leaned into the mic. “Wow! That’s how you start off with a bang, folks.”

The audience laughed but standing a few feet off to the side of Lance and his date, Allison’s breathing stopped.

“I’m sorry that you won’t be able to join the auction,” Bri said, standing in for Allison’s silence.

“The wife,” was all Luke said.

“Understandable,” Bri countered.

“Very,” Camilla and Corinne chimed.

Allison watched as the woman leaned in a tilt toward Lance where she propped a palm on his chest, and he dropped his ear just slightly to hear what she had to say. When she pulled back, he indiscreetly removed her hand while the woman waited for his reaction to what she’d propositioned. Lance glanced around, his body rotating three hundred and sixty degrees until he came full circle with Allison. Seeing her already staring his way, his gaze drove a punctured eye over her unmoving angelic curves, and his heavy lids dropped mid-level while Allison sucked in a steady vibration. He spoke to Allison, without the use of moving his lips, but with the interconnection they now shared that bonded them. Allison’s feet were tight with a heaviness that tingled the soles and ran a shrill of energy through to her legs.

He waited … seconds turning into minutes. When Allison didn’t budge, he nodded in the woman’s direction and quizzically, she glanced between Allison and Lance before smirking with a slight shrug and turning to walk away. Watching Lance follow her nudged Allison again.

“I’m gonna go say congratulations,” she said to the group.

“Are you sure,” Bri asked, concerned.

Allison nodded but didn’t say another word. Her feet struck out in a meager jog as she crossed the short-carpeted distance, down a few steps, through the central hall to the elevator doors.

“Come on, come on,” she chanted.

Ding.

The doors opened, and Allison took the crane to the first floor where she ran past someone loading as she rushed to move through the lobby. The revolving doors twirled as she pushed through them, and on the other side, Lance’s heavy hand held the door to a limo open while the woman climbed inside.

Allison’s pulse thumped as her brain told her not to embarrass herself or the organization she was raising funds for, while her heart told her something else completely.

“Congratulations!” Allison shouted, garnering the attention of both Lance and the lady.

Lance’s surprise was displayed in the way his dark gaze stretched, but there was something else lingering in his features: relief. Without saying anything more to his date, Lance strolled toward Allison, his eye contact, piercing and binding.

“I thought you’d never come,” he said.

Could it be possible that he was just as desperate to end the charade and call off this whole fiasco as she?

“I … I wanted to say.”

Lance covered her in his shadow, standing so close Allison melted in the furnace of his aura.

“You wanted to say … what?” His baritone voice probed. He watched her fight with indecision, saw the change in her breathing, and could sense the shift in her pulse from their closeness.

“I wanted to say,” she swallowed, “congratulations.”

The silence around them was like being lost in a wormhole.

He didn’t believe her, and instead of saying as much, Lance took another route. “I never got the chance to mention how radiant you are tonight.” His eyes tracked her form from the rose gold polish on her toes to the curve in the silk fabric that arched over her breasts. “Tell me you want me to stay, and I will,” he pressured.

Allison’s smile was dropped as soon as it was created.

“You’re already paid for,” she whispered with regret.

Lance reached for her hands and linked their fingers then brought the back of hers to his mouth for a kiss.

“Doesn’t mean a thing. I’ll pay it out myself.”

Allison’s eyes widened. “You would do that!?”

“In a heartbeat.”

Allison’s pulse thumped so wildly in her neck that she thought it might break through her skin. Her eyes skipped around to the lingering paparazzi and the scattered attendees that came and went before settling back on his face.

“I can’t let you do that.”

“Allison … you’re killing me.”

“It’s not professional,” Allison said.

“Girl,” he slipped an arm around her waist and drew her so close he could almost taste her lips. “We make our own rules, remember?”

A scattered shower of heat attacked Allison’s skin. She blew out a deep breath. “Lance,” she huffed. “It’s my first event. I can’t.”

He held her hostage in the web of his gaze.

“And you shouldn’t keep your date waiting.”

It was as if she’d pricked him with an object that deflated his stratosphere. He sighed and nodded, then tilted his mouth to place a soft scorching kiss against her cheek.

“As you wish.”

He released her, then turned to leave. Lance walked away and headed back to his waiting date who was curiously eyeing them both. Why Allison watched them drive off was a question that went beyond her understanding, but she did. And though she convinced herself it was the right decision, the twist in her gut said otherwise.





Chapter Twenty





“You do realize after that media frenzy back there that your fiancé will know you were with me.”

Destiny hadn’t thought much about it, which showed her lack of consideration.

“Do you even care?” Lance asked.

The limo pulled into the driveway of Destiny’s estate. She frowned.

“Excuse me, what are we doing here,” she asked the driver through the partition.

“Do you still have an account at the credit union,” Lance asked her.

Destiny turned her head to him. “Yes, why?”

“In the next couple of days, you’ll receive a deposit transfer of six hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars. We will keep it just between us.”

“Why? Because if the media gets a whim that you paid me off to back out of fulfilling your end of the deal, your fiancée will be considered a laughing stock?”

He grinned benignly, noticing the behavior of a temperamental child.

“I’m going to pretend like you didn’t say that since the both of us know the media wouldn’t find out.”

It was something like a promise, one that Destiny was a main player in.

“I instructed the driver to bring you home.”

Anger set in her features, but it was quickly distributed into sadness.

“Why would you do that?”

“I don’t care to be a pawn in the game you’re playing with your spouse.”

“I’m not playing a game. I told—”

“Whatever you’re going through, these doubts that you obviously have, need to be discussed with him not me,” Lance interrupted.

She stared at him in disbelief.

“I needed to be with you,” she said. “I needed to see if, if. Haven’t you thought about it, too?”

“That time has come and gone. I’m in love, Destiny, with Allison, and I would never disrespect her to be with you or anyone else. Furthermore, I’m not that guy who has frivolous sex, but you already knew that.”

“Then why are you here with me right now,” she disputed.

Lance glanced to the window then back to Destiny. “To make sure you get home where you should be.”

“Or maybe to keep up appearances,” she added.

He gave her a warning look with his brows slicing together.

“It looks like I’m not the only one who needs to have a conversation with her spouse,” Destiny continued.

He nodded. “You’re right.”

Lance knocked on the partition, and the back door opened swiftly. He eased out, long limbs first, and stood by the door, offering Destiny his hand. She accepted it with hesitation, and he assisted her with standing to her feet just as the front door opened, and her fiancé strolled onto the porch. He glanced from Lance to Destiny then back to Lance again who tilted his head and reentered the limo. Seconds later, it pulled off.

“Where to,” the driver asked.

“The Willis Tower.”





“She left as soon as you did,” Bri said.

Lance glanced at his watch. Upon returning to The Willis Tower, he instructed the driver to enter through the rear of the building where he could possibly slip in, incognito. That didn’t go so well when he found a huddle of paparazzi lying in wait. They tried to gain a look inside the limo, but the tint was impenetrable.

“I need a favor of you,” Lance informed the driver.

“Yes, sir,” the driver responded with a foreign dialect.

“I need you to go get the host and bring her to me.”

Fifteen minutes later, Bri St. James was standing in front of his door. He opened, and she slid in where they could have some privacy.

“Where did she go?”

“I assume home.”

“Did she say why?”

“Just that she wasn’t feeling well. I’ve already informed the guests that I’ll be hosting the remainder of the evening. What are you doing here?”

He gave her a knowing look.

“Never mind,” she said. “You’re likely to find her at home, with a pint of ice cream she shouldn’t be eating.”

Alarm settled across his features.

“Relax, it’s sugar free ice-cream.”

“She still shouldn’t have it.”

Bri snickered.

“Thank you,” he said.

Bri opened the door and slipped out. “Anytime.”





Even though the TV was on, Allison couldn’t hear the audio coming from it. Her mind was in tune with the time and each second that ticked by. Ever since she made the unwise choice to turn on the news to get word of what they were saying about her event, Allison regretted it. What greeted her was a depiction of Lance strolling from the stage with the air of confidence that shouldn’t be maintained by one man, to his ex-Destiny Jameson. Allison had been stuck ever since; the pint of strawberry low carb ice cream creating a drip against her palm where it sat against the heat of her skin. Not only had she taken to the sweetness of the forbidden snack, but Allison had also indulged in two glasses of dark wine.

His ex.

Allison watched the lips on the reporter move, but still it didn’t translate into words.

You sent him on a date with his ex. Way to go, Allison.

She blew out a deep breath just as the doorbell rang. It sounded in the distance, but the longer Allison stared at the television, the louder it became, grabbing her attention. She glanced over to the door, then dropped her gaze to the now melting ice cream in her hand.

One blink, then two, and her feet moved toward the entrance. The volume on the plasma was rising again, as if the audio was finally penetrating her ear drums. Sitting the pint down on a corner table, Allison placed her hands against the frame and peered an eye through the peephole.

Her heart tapdanced in her chest to see Lance standing there, looking roguishly handsome with a loosened tie and open collar. His hands were braced against either side of her door as he waited for an answer. Even through the hole, the splendor of his build was on display and strongly designed with heavy masculinity as if he were a one-of-a-kind model. Like kernels of hot energy, a buzz popped along her spine, trailing down to her buttocks. Instead of wondering why he wasn’t on his date, Allison felt relieved. Her eyes closed, and she let out a breath as her pulse and heart continued to knock in sync. For an idle second, Allison was taken back to the way his fingers dug into her ass and trod to her pussy when he’d gripped her back in India. Instantly, Allison became moist.

She shivered, just as Lance removed one hand and hit the bell again, pressing three times in succession.

Allison straightened her hair and tried to calm her body, but her nipples were already straining against the dress, threatening to create a burn between the fabric and her areolas. Unlatching the chain, Allison turned the lock and opened the door where she was raptured immediately into the strength of his arms.

She gasped as Lance’s lips crushed into hers, pressing so firmly that her mouth stung with quarreling energy as he filched her breath. There was wine on her palette and he sucked it so hard that a shadow of inebriation fell over him. A blistering heat assaulted her skin at his passionate attack, and her mouth opened wider on a boundless moan.

“Mmmmm.”

Allison was hit instantly with a riveting wave of pleasure that covered her flesh and tickled her clit. Lance’s hands drove down her back where he cupped her butt and lifted her by each cheek. She bounced into his arms, her legs waving around his torso as her arms spiraled around his strong neck. She was drunk with lust, and a craving filled her bottom and yearned for his inner massage.

“Mmmmm,” she moaned again. “Lance,” she panted.

Lance’s hands held a tight squeeze on her derriere, and without realizing they were moving, the wall’s blockade halted their backward progress.

“What did you think, huh,” Lance spoke against her mouth, his tongue tasting hers as he sucked Allison’s lips.

A whimper fell from her, one that could only be described as a mating pant. He pulled off her lips again and ground into her center while holding strict eye contact.

“I love you, Allison Sullivan. You can’t just leave me without giving me a chance to fix what’s broken.” He pressed his forehead against hers, and Allison closed her eyes tightly, her chest rising and falling. With her hands, she found herself rubbing his shoulders with a light caress, her nerves now scattered.

“Lance…”

His name was translated like a plea.

“Don’t push me away, beauty.” His lips trembled against hers. “Please, please, please ... don’t do it. Give me a chance to fix what’s wrong.”

With his grip solid and them crushed against a wall, Allison’s heart throttled in her chest just as her pulse thumped against the arch of her neck. She lifted her hips as her legs locked, and her hands scurried over his chest, up his thick neck where Lance’s tongue met up with her fingertips. He sucked them in, one by one, sending another correlating fire treading through her palm. Allison was out of breath, and they hadn’t even begun the intimate massage that she so desperately wanted. When his lips left the tip of her last finger, Lance dropped his mouth to Allison’s. The spread of her aperture was a passionate undertaking; one that uprooted them both and struck a spiraling cord that melted their bodies together. As Lance’s waist rotated so did Allison’s hips, and the strain of desire amassed, where they couldn’t stand the need much longer. They both gave in, wanting, craving, demanding to be joined.

“Take me to the bedroom,” she breathed with her bottom lip still encompassed by the shell of his mouth.

Lance straightened his posture, taking step for step down the hall with Allison wrapped around him. He saw her thoughts take shape. Silencing whatever further dispositions she may have, Lance recaptured her full mouth.

He toggled around the furniture and found the bed quickly where he sat Allison down. His fingers fiddled up her back, and Lance unzipped the dress she wore. The fabric curved down her side, and Lance assisted with peeling it over her body as his lips created a trail of hot kisses down her neck and shoulder. She shivered, and Lance covered the fullness of Allison’s hips with the width of his palms then lifted her to complete the gown’s removal.

She was naked underneath. No bra, no panties, just bare brown smooth beautiful skin. Lance’s nostrils flared as his gaze drove down the curves and arcs in her frame. Allison licked her lips and reached to finish unclasping the already loosened knot in his tie. Her fingers danced and fiddled with the buttons at the top. Then in a sudden hurry, she lifted to her feet and popped the last two.

A smirk grew at the corners of Lance’s mouth, and he arched a brow at her. Allison gave him a saucy stare from beneath her lashes and braced a hand on his chest, giving him a little push. He obliged, taking a step back while her hands fell to his belt. Allison’s eyes fluttered as they combed over his muscular torso, pronounced biceps and the cut edge of his Adonis belt. Her fingers worked faster than they ever had in their life, finding the urge to be with Lance unbearably insane.

It took three moves. The unsnapping of his pants, the drive of a zipper, the unveiling of his solid hips and strapping thighs. His dick was a tool that should only be taken out if the job required a qualified applicant. Allison wrapped her hand around his shaft, and the heat of her palm made his member react in a lurch.

Allison jumped, then giggled when his dick reacted again. The smirk on Lance’s face grew deeper along with his piercing gaze.

“Come here,” he said, stepping close. Though the gap wasn’t closed off, the head of Lance’s dick pushed against her belly. A shrill of chills assailed her body, and in the smoothest transition she’d ever witnessed, Lance dropped down to a crouch, lifted her, and entered her womb as he stood while covering her lips with his mouth. He swallowed the shriek that spun from her soul and filled Allison so thoroughly that a delusional veil covered her psyche. Burying, digging, grinding, Lance held Allison tight as her body quivered and her eyes shut.

While her ears rang out, Lance’s thrusts slipped back and forth, rotating around her inner walls, leaving no surface undiscovered. She was as wet as the largest ocean, and the warmth from her canal shocked his senses, trekking a growl from his throat.

“Shiiiiiiiiit…” He groveled. “You are, so fucking amazing.”

Allison purred, “So are you.”

“Where have you been all my life?”

They shared a long, lingering look.

“Waiting,” she said.

“For me?” he asked, hoping he already knew the answer.

“Yes,” she whispered.

Lance’s gaze darkened, and his nostrils peaked, tightening his hold on her. The acceleration in his hips caught a dangerous plunge, making Allison squeal and her eyes cross. He covered her mouth with his again.

“Well, I’m here,” he breathed against her hot lips, “and I’m never going anywhere. Period.”

Allison’s arms tightened around his neck, and her fingers burned prints into his flesh as he pummeled her core. She broke their kiss and tossed her head back, but her breath was swept up in a mingle with Lance’s tongue as he searched for her mouth again. Allison fell into a vortex where she was passionately transported to a plane where only she and Lance existed. His plunges increased momentum as his hips dipped and dug the depths of her garden. He plowed as if looking for a place to plant his seed, driving an excavation that would unearth a replica of them.

Her shouts were muffled by his mouth, which had gone from reverberating screams to a full-on outcry. He tightened the grip on her ass, spreading her with both hands and the width of his cock with each lunge inside her heated vessel. An overabundance of sulfuric heat tinged Allison’s skin, and her toes curled as he rocked her bottom in a bouncing repetition that slapped her skin so rigidly her thighs burned. She turned into a crazed animal, breaking at the threat of each sling of his hips, and dip of his back. Right there in his embrace, Allison came undone, sinking her nails into his shoulders as her pussy dripped with orgasmic quakes. Having no control over sanity, she bit down on his tongue, and Lance released her mouth where her screams escaped to the heavens above. Her attack didn’t slow him down. If anything, it increased his unstable endeavor as Lance’s thrusts knocked against her G-spot relentlessly.

Their mouths stretched over one another, and Lance’s lips feathered her chin, neck, and shoulders, while Allison mimicked his expression, kissing the bulk and alps in his physique.

“Tell me you love me,” his deep voice penetrated.

“I … I do,” she moaned.

“You do what?”

His lips met up with her chin, kissing the ridge in a path that trailed underneath to the back of her throat.

“I…” she panted and moaned, his strokes taking her on a trip through ecstasy.

Lance’s groove slowed, and he kissed up the side of her neck to her ear, then down her face to her mouth. Warm caresses against her flesh made Allison quiver, and heat covered her heart with a tingling vibration.

Lance eyed her. “You do, what, beauty,” he questioned.

Her heart fluttered while his held a strong steady beat.

“I love you, too, Lance.”

He waited to see if she would add to that sentiment, with a but, or maybe, or unnecessary query. However, she didn’t. Allison purred, in the sexiest cat-like sound Lance had ever heard. Eartha Kitt didn’t sound that damn sensual, and the response shot straight to his pelvis. He gripped the back of her head and sped up the strength in his stroke where their bodies slapped together once again. His feet shuffled to the bed, and Lance laid her on the edge, bending her limbs in a stretch where her ankles met her ears. He locked them in place as he planted his hands firmly in the mattress and stroked her pussy with temperamental thrusts that threatened to shorten her lifespan.

“Oh my God! Lance!”

He dropped his head to her nipples, sucking her areolas like they held nutrition for him alone. She was wide open, and Lance took advantage, angling each plunge and reaching new heights. Allison moaned, while Lance whispered her name, and together they shook from the elevation of their lovemaking.

“Lance! Lance! Lance!”

Allison tightened her walls and lifted her ass, meeting Lance head-on. He pummeled her, driving so madly they both came with spurts of lunging cream.

“Fuuuuu-ck!”

“Ooooh my God!”

They sang in unison. Lance moved quickly to taste her mouth, needing to inhale her as his semen found its place. Her pussy throbbed with ache, and a riveting throttling pulsation drowned his dick in a specialty-made bath.

Their breathing was haggard, and still with ease, Lance scooped her from the edge of the bed and cloaked Allison around his torso. Allison held on with her arms coiled around his neck and a continuous vibration humming from her plum. He carried them to the center of the bed on his knees, and their chests remained compressed as they found a rhythm in their unified breaths.

“Thank you for loving me,” he said, kissing the bridge of her nose.

Allison’s heart couldn’t take another ragged palpitation. Lance was definitely the one she wanted. Anyone after him would be mediocre at best. She’d never met a man like him before, and chances were, she wouldn’t again. Content to be in his arms, where she felt she belonged, Allison leaned in and kissed his lips.

“Thank you, too,” she said, “for loving me back.”





Chapter Twenty-One





Even the peak of the early morning sun didn’t disturb her rest. Lance stood over Allison, watching her sleep like the many times he’d done before. Seeing her relax so peacefully and remembering the words she’d spoken last night gave Lance tranquility that went beyond the natural. He’d never felt so full with anyone. Never had the pleasure of finding a different tempo flow through his chest. But with Allison, the rhythm of his heart found its own special beat, like an invasion of tenderness that migrated with his DNA, making them the whole of one entity. Lance couldn’t believe he almost lost Allison, and for what? That was the thing he had to get to the bottom of.

She stirred quietly; turning in the covers until a silky brown leg slipped out. Her eyes fluttered softly, then with a peer, a picturesque image of Lance stood beside the bed. A small smile manifested at the corners of her lips.

“Good morning,” she said, taking her eye over his broad bare shoulders, washboard abs, and suit pants that hung slightly off his waist. She almost missed the tray in his hands, until Lance moved closer and sank to his knees with a delicious aroma floating from his covered offer.

“Mmmm, smells delightful.”

“You should taste what’s inside.”

Allison’s smile widened. “For me?” She rose from her laying position, turning to sit directly in front of his crouched post. Her hair fell to her shoulders, and a swarm of warmth settled deep inside Lance’s gut. She looked so comfortable with her tousled hair and wearing his now wrinkled suit shirt with only two buttons clasped. Her beauty spilled over, and Lance had the sudden urge to ask her to marry him right then. It wasn’t in the fashion he would’ve cared to propose, but this moment couldn’t have been better. His lips spread into a debonair smile.

She reached for his face and laid a caressing hand there.

“Where’s yours?”

Lance slipped the tray to the side and met her mouth for a warm delicious kiss. The heated shockwave that spread from their mouths made it to their libidos in record time. Allison smiled, taking in a deep breath, and slipping both hands to his shoulders where she halted his advance. He caught her drift quickly, and leaning their foreheads together, they settled on trying to steady their labored breaths.

“I can’t apologize for always wanting to kiss you,” he said.

“I’m not asking you to. I just, think we should talk … over breakfast.”

Lance nodded, “You’re right.” He swept her up in his arms and stood.

“Eek!” Allison squealed, and Lance chuckled as he stalked off, leaving the bedroom for the kitchen.

“Bathroom,” she squealed, and in an about face, Lance reentered the room and headed toward the bathroom. Sitting Allison down on her feet, Lance steadied her, but still he didn’t want to release her fully. His hands rested at her side, and he pulled his bottom lip in with his teeth.

“I’ll give you a little privacy.”

She nodded on a blush.

“Wait, my food will get cold,” Allison objected.

“I’ll take care of it.”

She slipped her arms around his neck and leaned toward his mouth as they inched closer together. “Maybe it’s my turn to serve you,” she quipped.

Lance squinted at her. “We’ve already been over this. You know I’m the server in this family.”

She giggled and sighed as Lance sat a warm exhaling kiss on her lips. A stream of magnetism sparked throughout their body, sending a plethora of tingles spiraling around her flesh.

“Don’t take too long.”

She nodded, and he backed out of the room with a wink before turning and disappearing around the corner.

While she showered, dressed, and combed her hair in a neat ponytail, Allison went through a series of talking points, but none of them gave her the motivation to proceed with what needed to be said.

Allison sighed and found her courage. It had been a long time since she was this unsure about anything. She left the bathroom, at least satisfied with the jeans and Cornell University sweater she’d dug out from her closet. With her feet bare, Allison padded down the hallway into the open kitchen, and upon entrance, her eyes locked with Lance’s. He had a hip leaned into the island with the remote in his hand and ESPN on the plasma TV.

They smiled together as Allison closed in on the dining table. Making his way around to her, Lance pulled out Allison’s chair.

“Have a seat.”

“Thank you.”

She claimed her spot and crossed her legs, waiting for him to do the same. He grabbed the chair that sat across from her and swiveled it around to sit next to her.

“Hands,” he said, getting comfortable.

Allison placed her hands in his and per usual, Lance rubbed a steady thumb in her palm as he prayed over their food.

“Amen,” his thick voice grooved.

“Amen.”

He lifted her hand to his mouth and placed a kiss on the back. She gave him a coquettish smirk.

“I was thinking for breakfast that we could sit across from each other.”

Lance’s brow rose. “Do you mind if I ask why?”

“It’s just that. It is a serious matter, and I’d prefer to look you square in the face.”

Lance nodded. “Okay.” He rose and placed the seat back across from her.

“You’re fine with this, right?”

“Of course. It’s time we get down to the bottom of what happened the night before.”

Allison nodded and reached for her fork. She stabbed a strawberry and ate it while she marched into their conversation.

“Did you speak with your father?”

“Before I discovered you were on the veranda, I found my father in his library, but after you left, the most I got out of him was questions about your health.”

Allison’s stomach knotted, and she swallowed back another strawberry.

“Beauty, tell me what happened.”

“Did you tell your father you wanted to marry me?”

Lance stared at her closely, his fork now twirling slowly with his fingers. On the other side of the table, Allison’s pulse accelerated, and her palm heated unnervingly. Why she became anxious to hear his answer was beyond her.

“Why do you ask?”

“For some reason, he has the impression that I may be a part of your family soon. You know, I understand a parent wanting to question a person who would soon be joining their family, but we haven’t crossed that threshold. We haven’t even come close. So, he has no right.”

Lance’s brows dipped, and he frowned before his face settled out stoically.

“We haven’t come close? People who marry are in love. Are we not in love, Allison?”

Allison’s heart knocked, and her body warmed. Heat rushed to her cheeks, and she smiled and dipped her head without noticing it.

“I believe so.”

“I know so,” he responded.

“What are you saying, Lance?”

“I’m saying that means we’re close.”

They eyed each other, and Allison reached for her water and drank it halfway.

“What I mean is, we’ve known each other for eight months at most—”

“And still, I love you like I’ve never loved anyone … ever,” Lance’s grizzly voice intervened.

She smiled. “And I love you the same.”

“So, let’s not pretend as if we have to follow some certain guideline that tells us we have or haven’t been together for a period long enough to want a lifetime together. We make our own rules.”

Allison nodded. “We make our own rules,” she repeated, and Lance’s mouth spread into a handsome smile.

“It’s just that…”

His smile wavered.

“I—no, we, can’t be together if your father—”

“What did he say?”

“He wants to know if I have health issues that would complicate a pregnancy. He feels if I do, I should let it be known to him and your mom.” She sighed. “While I can understand his concern to an extent, I simply don’t think my health is his business.”

Lance closed his lips and a long second passed. He nodded.

“Then, we’ll wait until your comfortable enough to have that conversation with him.”

“It’s not that simple.”

“Why not?”

“Lance, I know how much it means to you, to make your father proud.” She placed a hand over her heart. “I would never want to interfere with that.”

“Sweetheart, it’s a simple conversation.”

“For you,” she said. “For me, it defines me.” She held her hand up to stop his sentence before he began. “I know it shouldn’t, but I’ve had a hard time trying to separate the diagnosis from me as a person. It defined my lifestyle. I felt sloppy, stupid, unsanitary, for not taking care of myself enough to prevent something like this from happening. If you think I haven’t thought about pregnancy before, you couldn’t be more wrong. I did; wondering what that would feel like under my current condition or if I could even go through it. I made appointments with my doctor to ask these very questions but always backed out of them because it would kill me if I couldn’t bear my future husband’s children.”

She paused and worked through the knot that grew in her throat by drinking the remaining water in her glass.

“So, for me, it’s not a simple conversation. Kids may never be in my future. So, when I say, I would never want to come between you and your father or mother, I mean it in the sense that your decision to be with me may not bear them grandchildren, and I just couldn’t do that to you or them.”

Lance stood from his seat and went to her. He crouched down and slipped her fingers into his hand. Did he want kids? Hell yes. A football team of them. But was he willing to risk a life void of children to be with Allison?

He rubbed the center of her palm.

“Sweetheart, this is all fear. You fear the unknown, but we can find out how you would fair should we decide to have kids and move forward from there.”

Lance slipped his hand inside his pocket. “I’ve been holding on to this ever since we got back from India.”

He held a three stone diamond ring that sparkled through and through.

“Marry me, beauty, and we’ll work through this together.”

His gaze was pleading, and Allison’s mouth fell open on a gasp.

“Oh my God,” she whispered sharply, covering her mouth as tears welled in her eyes. “Lance,” she said behind a muffled voice.

“Say you will.” He gripped her hand tighter as his heart held on for dear life.

“I … I …” She shook her head softly. “I … can’t.” Tears streamed down her face. “I’m so sorry,” she cried. “I’m so sorry.”

A sheen filled Lance’s gaze, and he dropped his head where he hung it there for a long misty-eyed minute. When he lifted to look at her again, he nodded, defeated.

Lance rose to his feet while keeping his wounded gaze on her, but without saying another word, he placed the engagement ring on the table, turned, and walked away.





Chapter Twenty-Two





“Are you really going to let him go?”

Bri and Allison sat in Lou’s Deli, the ham sandwich in front of Allison all but forgotten.

“I have to,” she whispered. Allison quickly swiped her eye, removing a tear before it fell down her cheek. She’d been doing a lot of weeping over the last few days, and the longer she went without hearing from Lance, the more her soul suffered. But what did she expect? She’d rejected his proposal flat out, but that didn’t mean dealing with his absence was getting any easier. “It’s not fair, Bri. He deserves someone who knows for sure they’ll have his kids.”

“I hear you, girl, but damn. Did you have to go and break the man’s heart?”

Allison winced. “I never thought,” she paused as her mind conjured their very first meeting until his proposal. “I never saw this coming.”

“It’s interesting since you’ve always had your eye on him from afar.”

“Yeah, but again, I didn’t think I’d get the chance to know him, or love him, let alone be his … wife.”

Bri and Allison held sorrowful eyes on one another.

“Damn,” Bri added. “What a sad ass love song.”

“I blame it on my issues.”

“Umph, I blame it on you.”

Allison’s eyes widened, and she sat back against her chair.

“What?”

“Come on, Allison. I don’t even know this person you’ve become. Okay, so I can say I have no idea what it’s like to be in your shoes.”

“Damn right you don’t.”

“But are you going to let your diagnosis be the reason you don’t accomplish your goals, or push for your dreams and ride out for your future, girl? Because that’s the Allison I know. You’ve never let anything stop you. Remember when you got chickenpox in seventh grade, and you asked if you could still run that track race in a space suit from your space studies class?”

Allison closed her eyes and shook her head at the ridiculous memory.

“I didn’t get to run for my team that day.”

“Yeah, but that much wasn’t up to you. Your mind was set that you would let nothing stop you. Throughout junior high, you were like that, coming to school with the flu, and staying late to study even when prom was the next day. You’ve always been a go-getter, always sharp, taking life by the balls.” Bri shrugged, “This here Allison is giving the girl I know a bad name.” Bri shook her head and turned up her lips as if smelling something funky.

“What do you suggest I do, since you know it all?”

“Find the girl I used to know. Then, you come tell me.”





Thanksgiving Day





Allison had never sung Toni Braxton so much in her life. But after seven whole days, she’d found herself running to iTunes and tethering the song through the surround sound set up in her home. She hadn’t heard from Lance at all, and while a part of her felt she should reach out to him to at least find out how he was, the other told her to stay away.

There hadn’t been much to do at home, and although Bri invited Allison to dinner like she always did, Allison turned her down; opting instead to head to WTZB and spend her time in the studio sifting through holiday reports. So, there she was, dressed down in her favorite blue jeans, black knee-length suede boots, topped with an olive asymmetrical sweater in the studio room.

Santa and Mrs. Claus were set to ride a slay carrying special needs kids around the downtown city to kick off the beginning of the Christmas season right behind two Thanksgiving Day parades. Allison checked that off as a featured holiday story then glanced at her smartphone. It mocked her in silence, sitting on the surface just as cold as the room felt. She sighed and tried to refocus when there was a knock at the door.

“Come in.”

The door opened, and to say Allison was surprised was an understatement.

“Mr. Valentine,” she said with raised brows.

“Leslie will do,” he said, “if you’d prefer it of course.”

Allison nodded. “Of course. Um, is everything okay? Lance is all right, isn’t he?” She moved toward him, suddenly wondering if she should be worried.

“Lance is,” Mr. Valentine wavered, “pretending, at best.”

Allison thought of his response. “Would you like to have a seat, coffee, refreshments?”

“No, thank you, I’m fine. I know you’re busy, but I wanted to clear the air if I may.”

Allison tucked her hands in front of her, linking her fingers while she waited for him to go on.

“You’ve found me rude for being intrusive about your health status. You’re not wrong in your findings. I want you to know it was never my intent to push about that one specific thing. I just never made it to my other inquiries.”

Allison’s brow dipped. “So, you’re saying you meant to be intrusive about my whole life?”

Leslie chuckled. “I know how that sounds, but I’m telling you this so you will understand that I didn’t mean to bully you about your health.” He paused and glanced down then back at her before moving into his next comment. “I also wanted to share with you a little something more. When my wife and I were young, we fell in love fast. Within the first few weeks. It was easy to love her because Bridgette was the most genuine person I’d ever met. Her spirit was so beautiful. She was open to everyone and everything, taking all possibilities into account. She loved nature, animals, people, and practiced a few different religions before deciding on Christianity.”

Leslie paused before continuing.

“She became the apple of my eye, and I fell in love with her. I was lucky enough to have her reciprocate those feelings. And we married not long after the anniversary of our first date.”

Allison smiled.

“Our lives had never been better. We graduated together, both receiving a PhD in film and visual studies from Harvard University. After working our way to the top of a syndicated TV show, our careers excelled. It was a beautiful thing.”

“Sounds beautiful,” Allison added.

“It truly was, or is, I should correct.” He chuckled. “The thing is, when you’re young you don’t look out for your health as much as you should. Let’s face it, young people feel invincible, and rightfully so.” He rubbed his chin like Allison witnessed Lance do a time or two. “You can imagine our surprise and utter happiness when we found out we were pregnant. With not one baby but seven.” He shook his head as he thought back to the unexpected surprise. “It was a miracle, and love had never felt so profound before.”

Allison’s nerves tingled as she explored their happiness through his memory.

“However, it seems that having that many children at once can provide complications; ones that we weren’t prepared for.” He paused. “Bridgette developed gestational diabetes during her pregnancy, which we knew would give her a greater risk of developing type two diabetes later in life. It wasn’t ideal, but it was something we felt wouldn’t be critical to our children. We were wrong. Because it was detected late, Bridgette had to endure an emergency C-section. Our beautiful situation turned into one of the scariest times of our lives. Bridgette delivered all seven successfully, but Trevor…” he paused and cleared his throat.

Allison had also gone still; the topic of Trevor Valentine hadn’t been one Lance was able to talk about without coaching.

“He lived forty-five days before we lost him.” Leslie cleared his throat again while Allison worked to clear the strain on her windpipe.

“You remind me so much of Bridgette,” Leslie admitted.

Stunned, Allison’s eyes widened.

“So full of life, open to everyone, always ready to help, I see her in you every time you come around. So please, forgive me. I never meant to pry, and it was not my intentions to make you feel uncomfortable or unwelcomed. If there’s a possibility that my wife or I can help you, should you need it, we’d like to step in and get started early, so that you don’t experience the same outcome we did.”

Allison was on the verge of tears, and damn Leslie Valentine for coming there and pulling out the waterworks that threatened her right then.

“I would love for you to be a part of our family,” he paused, “we all would.”

She couldn’t hold on any longer. A stream of tears ran down her russet cheeks, and Leslie crossed the room to pull her into an embrace. Allison slipped her arms around him, and together they consoled one another as Allison trembled slightly.

“My son is miserable without you. And before you ask, no he didn’t send me, nor does he know my whereabouts.” He pulled back and looked at her tear-stained gaze. “And if it suits you to join us for dinner, it would make our holiday complete.”

Allison swiped the tears from her eyes, and they parted more.

“I know you’re working, but if you’re able to leave early, we’ll save a spot for you.”

She nodded but couldn’t find her voice to say much of anything.

Leslie kissed the side of her forehead. “I’ve taken up enough of your time, I’ll get going, and Happy Thanksgiving.”

Allison cleared her throat. “Happy Thanksgiving,” she responded.

Leslie took his leave, disappearing out the door, leaving Allison with a million thoughts when the glow of her cell phone lit up followed by a buzz. The words written in a message window read:

Happy Thanksgiving.

Allison exhaled a deep breath and turned to retrieve the phone quickly. Seeing his name in the text sent a swirl of life through her, as if hearing from him in any way reenergized her spirit. She opened it up, and her fingers tap danced across the screen as she rushed to send a text back, but she paused, thought for a minute, then deleted it and grabbed her purse and handbag.





It didn’t take much to convince her boss she needed to leave.

“I don’t know why you came in anyway,” Avery Michele said as she sat behind her desk, picking at the ugly Christmas sweater she wore.

Allison stood next to her with her arms folded across her chest, staring out at the Chicago skyline.

“I had my reasons.”

“I’m sure,” she murmured, “and now you have them for suddenly wanting to leave, too?”

Allison nodded. “I do.”

Those two little magic words rang in Allison’s ears. She’d gone about this all wrong. It was unlike her to be this defensive, and she didn’t like it one bit.

“I think I’m going to seize the day and see what happens,” Allison said, beginning to feel like her old self again. “Lance was right. I’m living in fear, and it weighs a ton. It’s time to let it go.”

Avery Michele nodded. “Good for you. Now, get your ass outta here and go seize the damn day.”

Allison unfolded her arms and twirled to Avery with a laugh on her tongue.

“I have to ask, what’s with the Christmas sweater on Thanksgiving?”

Avery waved her off. “I have about five of them because I get one every year from my Aunt Carol.”

Allison crossed her arms. “That doesn’t explain why you have it on now,” she pursed her lips.

“It was cold! And hell, I don’t have a reason to be all fashionable,” Avery answered, referring to Allison’s wear.

“What?” Allison lifted the hem of her sweater. “This old thang,” she said with a wink.

“Bye, get out of here.”

“I’m gone,” she sang, sashaying out of the office.

Outside, Allison tightened the belt on her trench coat and thanked God for her knee-high boots, snug stylish sweater, and denim today. It wasn’t frigidly cold, but the whipping of Chicago wind gave it a slight frost. She took the steps one at a time in a bounce and shoved her gloved hands inside her jacket pocket when an all-black Lexus Jeep came into view. It was sitting in front of her car, but the engine was running, and the tint was too dark to see inside.

The backseat window rolled down. “Need a ride?” Leslie asked.

She didn’t but felt inclined to accept his offer. Allison smirked. “Yes … I do.”





“Your father is back.”

Bridgette Valentine peeked through the windowpane as the Lexus Jeep pulled to the front of the circular driveway. The doors opened, and Leslie Valentine slipped out. He wasn’t alone. A smile fell across Bridgette’s face.

“He did it,” she whispered.

“Who did what?” Lance asked as he approached.

Bridgette closed the blinds and whirled around, tossing her arms around her son.

“Oh nothing, I was talking about your father.”

“What were you saying?”

“He’s back from the store.”

“I don’t know what else he could possibly need. Dinner is done, the table is set, and one of us would’ve borne the cold for him.”

“Why?” Bridgette frowned. “If you treat him like an old man, he’ll put you in a headlock and challenge you to a game of arm wrestling. Trust me, I know.”

Lance side-eyed his mom.

“Let me find out Dad is over here putting you in headlocks.” His scowl deepened.

Bridgette chuckled. “Don’t worry, I have a code word.”

Aghast, Lance pulled back from her. “Mother!”

“Well, you were concerned,” she said with a shrug. “Come on, let’s head back into the dining hall. And get that scowl off your face. How do you think you got here?”

“Okay, that’s enough.”

“I’m serious,” she countered.

“I understand that, but I know how I got here without the specifics. Please, spare me the details.”

“Details about what?” Xavier asked with the rest of his brothers glancing for clarity as Lance and their mom strolled into the dining hall.

“Trust me, you don’t want to know.”

“It must be about sex,” Camilla said, appearing at Hunter’s side. She turned her face up and puckered her lips for a kiss to which Hunter obliged.

“How do you know that?” Hunter asked.

“Because no one wants to hear about their parents’ sex life, and you guys share everything.”

“Among ourselves. We’re a close-knit family.”

“That’s what I mean. So, if there is something you don’t want to hear, it must be about that.”

“Listen to your woman,” Lance said.

Camilla chuckled and took her seat in between Hunter and Corinne. The long marble top table was large enough to house every entrée that makes the ideal Thanksgiving feast.

A large golden baked turkey sat as the centerpiece of the table. In a line that extended down both sides, mashed potatoes, gravy, asparagus and green beans with tarragon lemon dip, stuffing and dressing, sweet potatoes, macaroni and cheese, corn on the cob, roasted root vegetables, homemade rolls, and cranberry sauce decorated the counter.

China sat in front of each chair, and the men grabbed their aprons and began to serve the women. As they added each dish to a plate, Lance’s thoughts returned to Allison. She had undoubtedly been on his mind since leaving her condo a week ago, and the separation was killing him as each day passed. He wondered for a quick moment how people moved on in life and got over someone they loved. Even as the thought passed through, Lance dismissed it. He hadn’t given up just yet. For now, he would give her time.

The kitchen door swung open, and Leslie Valentine strolled through. Leslie made immediate eye contact with Lance, and they both held it there. After speaking with his father, Lance made sure to not only apologize for raising his voice the week before, but he also informed his dad that his approach needed some work.

“I know, son, and I apologize. Let me do my due diligence and correct my mistakes.”

“How would you do that?”

“I’ll go talk to her.”

“I don’t know if right now is a good time.”

“Then when?”

Lance had never answered that question. He’d been interrupted by a phone call.

“Hello everyone, Happy Thanksgiving.”

The vibrancy of her voice sent a cascade of heat down his skin.

“Allison?” Lance abandoned the plate he fixed to get a glance around his father.

All eyes looked over at Allison, and smiles covered everyone’s faces.

“Allison!” A few of them cheered.

Lance stepped in front of her. “It is you,” he half-whispered, as hope and wonder filled the gleam in his eye. “I didn’t think you would come.”

“I,” she paused, “I wasn’t at first. It didn’t seem appropriate with the way things between us…” She swallowed. “Lance, I need you to know that I never wanted anything but the best for you … for us.” She hesitated. “I know now that I jumped the gun and ran before we had a chance. I’m sorry.”

“No, this is not all on you.” Lance covered her face with the palm of his hand.

She nodded. “I understand now, and you were right, this could’ve been fixed with a simple conversation, but I—”

“Stop blaming yourself. I won’t stand here and have you beat yourself up.”

Her eyes filtered with tears, and she smiled. “You’re always so good to me.”

“And I always …” he paused. “Does this mean you’ve changed your mind? About me, about us?”

She nodded. “Yes.” Allison dropped her gaze to something clutched between her fingers. “I still have this. You left it on the table.”

Lance glanced down at the ring. “I was thinking,” she said, glancing from the jewel to his dark, piercing gaze, “if you want me to keep it, I’d love to wear it as your wi—”

His lips crushed into her mouth and spread over their perimeter as an ever-growing fire stoked her. Allison’s arms flew around his neck, and Lance covered her in his embrace and lifted her into the air.

“Congratulations!” His family behind him cheered, and Lance’s brothers slapped him on his back.

“I love you so much,” he growled into her wet tear-stained face.

Allison sniffled. “I love you, too.”

“We’re getting married tomorrow,” he announced.

“What!?” Allison gasped, her eyes wide.

“Unless of course, you want the wedding that all girls want. It’s yours if so.”

Allison kissed his lips again. “No, you’re right. All I want is you.”

Lance stole her lips again, his hands encircling her in a lock against her spine.

“Then tomorrow, we wed or,” he stated, “how about Christmas?”

She nodded and squealed with elated joy. “Yes, because getting you for Christmas is all I would ever need,” Allison said.

Lance crushed her to him in a searing kiss that burned away all the pain they had endured. And in that embrace, they marinated in the promise of forever.





Note from the Author





That was so emotional for me, have mercy Lance and Allison! I hope you enjoyed Give Me a Reason, In the Heart of a Valentine book three. If you need to talk about this story, join my Facebook group. There’s a book discussion there two weeks after every release, and I’d love to have you!

Subscribe to my newsletter to get updates from me!

And oh! If you loved Allison and Lance’s story, leave me a review and tell me about it! I’d love to hear from you and doing so means a lot to me.

XOXO – Stephanie

Connect with Me on Facebook!

Connect with Me on Instagram!





Other Books by Stephanie Nicole Norris





Contemporary Romance

Everything I Always Wanted (A Friends to Lovers Romance)

Safe with Me (Falling for a Rose Book One)

Enough (Falling for a Rose Book Two)

Only If You Dare (Falling for a Rose Book Three)

Fever (Falling for a Rose Book Four)

A Lifetime with You (Falling for a Rose Book Five)

She said Yes (Falling for a Rose Holiday Edition Book Six)

Mine (Falling for a Rose Book Seven)

The Sweetest Surrender (Falling for a Rose Book Eight)

Tempted By You (Falling for a Rose Book Nine)

No Holds Barred (In the Heart of a Valentine Book One)

A Risque Engagement (In the Heart of a Valentine Book Two)

If I Could Stay (Lunch Break Series Book One)





Romantic Suspense Thrillers

Beautiful Assassin

Beautiful Assassin 2 Revelations

Mistaken Identity

Trouble in Paradise

Vengeful Intentions (Trouble in Paradise 2)

For Better and Worse (Trouble in Paradise 3)

Until My Last Breath (Trouble in Paradise 4)





Crime Fiction

Prowl

Prowl 2

Hidden





Fantasy

Golden (Rapunzel’s F’d Up Fairytale)





Non-Fiction

Against All Odds (Surviving the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit) *Non-Fiction





About the Author





Stephanie Nicole Norris is an author from Chattanooga, Tennessee, with a humble beginning. She was raised with six siblings by her mother Jessica Ward. Always being a lover of reading, during Stephanie’s teenage years, her joy was running to the bookmobile to read stories by R. L. Stine.

After becoming a young adult, her love for romance sparked, leaving her captivated by heroes and heroines alike. With a big imagination and a creative heart, Stephanie penned her first novel Trouble in Paradise and self-published it in 2012. Her debut novel turned into a four-book series packed with romance, drama, and suspense. As a prolific writer, Stephanie’s catalog continues to grow. Her books can be found on her website and Amazon. Stephanie is inspired by the likes of Donna Hill, Eric Jerome Dickey, Jackie Collins, and more. She currently resides in Tennessee with her husband and three-year-old son.



https://stephanienicolenorris.com/





