Loving the Beast

by Naima Simone

Breathless Press

Calgary, Alberta

www.breathlesspress.com

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and

incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are

used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any

resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or

persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Loving the Beast

Copyright© 2011 Naima Simone

ISBN: 978-1-926930-60-2

Cover Artist: Justyn Perry

Editor: Sandra Rychel

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used

or reproduced electronically or in print without written

permission, except in the case of brief quotations

embodied in reviews.

Breathless Press

www.breathlesspress.com





Dedication


To my heavenly Father. Without you, none of this would matter.

You give my life color, purpose, and meaning. Thank you for loving me.

Sometimes I can’t believe how much.

Gary, you’ve never let me give up or get down. I love you.

Debra and Jessica, thank you for freely giving your time and expe-

rience…and making me feel like the next New York Times bestseller!

Mwah! You’re so priceless.

Speaking of priceless… Sandra, I know this is your profession, and

God knows you’re awesome at it! But there is no price tag on dedication,

humor, hard work, encouragement, patience…and the list goes on. Not

only do I appreciate you, I enjoy you!





Chapter One


“When did the freak show come to town?”

Gwendolyn Sinclair stiffened, caught off guard. The comment,

heavy with derision and horror, had come from her left. Attempting

to be unobtrusive, she cast a glance over her shoulder and spotted the

tall young man whose curled lip transformed his features from hand-

some to disdainful and arrogant.

“What are you talking about?” the petite blonde next to him asked.

He dipped his chin and indicated someone across the room.

Gwendolyn followed the couple’s gaze.

Her heart stopped. Then resumed with a dull thud that echoed in

her ears. Pinpricks of sensation attacked her arms, and a thin film of

sweat dampened her palms and underarms.

Xavier St. James.

Business mogul, former playboy, and society column darling. The

man who’d been avoiding her phone calls and e-mails for weeks. The

man she’d attended this pretentious gathering of Boston’s social elite

1

Loving the Beast

to corner. And the man who she’d called a good friend at one time in

her life.

“You’d think he’d at least cover that thing with his hair or even

makeup, for God’s sake. Why should we have to look at that?”

As the meaning of his words hit her, Gwendolyn gasped as if she

were the one he’d derided. Hurt and anger bloomed in her chest and

radiated like an atomic bomb. She had to clench her teeth to force back

the torrid spew of words that hovered on her tongue. She inhaled a

deep breath, held it, and counted to ten…then twenty. Getting thrown

out of the event would succeed in making a scene, contrary to her

goal. She smirked. Though she would experience satisfaction in yank-

ing that stick out of the guy’s ass.

“Stevie Wonder could see that mutation. Mr. Perfect.” A horrible,

malicious glee entered his companion’s taunt. “To think he once could

have had any woman he wanted. Now he probably has to pay for it.”

The woman snickered, and her delight in someone else’s pain and

misfortune sickened Gwendolyn. Bitch.

“People like him have it all and believe they’re better than every-

one else, only to find out they’re no better than the rest of us. They’re

human and touchable.” The rest of the couple’s conversation faded

away as Gwendolyn pivoted on the slender heel of her stiletto and

walked off. Her stomach couldn’t handle any more of their spite.

Gwendolyn aimed her feet in the direction of the tall, forbidding

man standing alone across the room. His not being surrounded by a

throng of people was as new as the inch-thick scar that bisected the

left side of his face from his hairline to his hard chin.

At thirty-four, Xavier had lived a charmed life—up until a year

ago. As admittedly elitist and bigoted as Boston’s privileged society

circle could be, the exotic St. James family had been accepted and re-

vered. And Xavier, the elder of two sons, had been the golden child of

his family and its international real estate empire. An excellent student

and athlete in high school and college, he’d excelled in his family’s

business and rocketed to the office of vice president of operations. As

hard as he’d worked, he’d played with the same single-minded focus.

Socialites, models, actresses. Xavier had romanced many women and

graced the glossy pages of many magazines and social columns. And

when he’d fallen in love and became engaged, it had been with a gor-

geous, elegant woman, his equal in wealth and social status. Success.

Affluence. Love. Yes, he’d held the world in the palm of his hand…

2

Naima Simone

Her heart softened and warmed her chest like a soft light in a dark

cavern. Gwendolyn moved forward, edging her way around pock-

ets of people until she had circumvented the room, and approached

Xavier from the side. From her vantage point, it appeared as if the ter-

rible accident that had stolen both his father and physical perfection

had never occurred.

The honeyed skin and thick, golden brown hair bound at his nape

bespoke a heritage of hot sands and sensual pleasures, while the tall

frame, wide shoulders, and narrow hips called to mind the lush green

hills and magic of his father’s lands. Persian and Irish—Xavier was an

exotic blend of the two countries’ finest traits.

She closed the distance between them and glimpsed the marred

left side of his face. The scar didn’t inspire the disgust she’d spied on

the patrician features of the guests or the perverse glee from the spite-

ful couple. She didn’t feel pity either. Unlike the others, she didn’t be-

lieve the scar ruined his features. To her it only enhanced the beauty,

magnified the perfection that hadn’t been touched.

“Gerald. Melanie.” The dark baritone caused a shiver to race down

her spine, over her skin, and thrum through her blood. It poured to a

molten pool in her sex, an insistent drumbeat in her clit. A voice like

that should’ve been locked up in Pandora’s box along with Hope to

keep the world safe—or at least her libido.

“Xavier.” The older couple jolted to a halt in front of him, flus-

tered. The man extended his hand, voice full of forced joviality, as if

he hadn’t intended to walk past Xavier without speaking to him. His

wife wore a similar bright smile—too dazzling to be genuine. “How

are you? It’s been awhile.” Immediately the man’s neck and cheeks

tinged scarlet in color, and Gwendolyn suspected it had been at least

a year since he’d seen Xavier—before the accident that had left him

scarred.

“Yes, it has,” Xavier agreed, accepting Gerald’s hand and giving

it a brisk shake before releasing it. “It would’ve been the museum

gala…right before the accident and Dad’s death.”

Damn. Gwendolyn winced. Sympathy pricked her at the couple’s

obvious unease. How the hell could they respond to that? But from

Xavier’s cold, aloof expression, she surmised he’d intended to cause

their discomfort. Surprise sang through her. The man she’d known

wouldn’t have deliberately caused someone discomfort. His natural

charm had been one of the reasons people had gravitated toward him.

3

Loving the Beast

Xavier remained silent as the older gentleman cleared his throat,

jerked on the bottom of his jacket to straighten nonexistent wrinkles,

while his wife attempted to look everywhere but Xavier’s face.

“Well”—Gerald cleared his throat again—”yes. I believe that was

the last time. I still say it was a shame about your father and…and…”

Xavier arched an eyebrow, as if daring him to finish the sentence.

“Gerald, the Carlyles are waving us over,” his wife interrupted.

She gave Xavier another brittle smile and tugged on her husband’s

arm, leading him away. The older man turned, but not before Gwen-

dolyn glimpsed the relief flooding his expression. Irritated at the cou-

ple and Xavier, Gwendolyn took the last few steps that brought her to

her childhood friend.

“You did that on purpose.”

His back stiffened slightly. The perfectly cut black tuxedo jacket

did a poor job of concealing the power and strength of his body. The

urge to stroke her fingers across the hard muscle raged so strong, she

clenched her fingers until the short nails bit into her palms. As if in

slow motion, Xavier turned, and for the first time in three years, she

came face-to-face with her former childhood friend.

The man she’d been in love with even while engaged to another—

his younger brother. His dead younger brother.

Guilt swelled and pitched in her stomach, propelling its acidic

burn upward to scald the lining of her throat. An image of Joshua St.

James, the man who had offered her friendship, stability, and love,

surfaced. God, what she wouldn’t have given to love him the way he’d

needed—the way he’d deserved from a fiancée.

Ruthlessly she slammed the door on those debilitating thoughts.

She couldn’t afford for anything to distract her while facing this

stranger with the familiar face.

If Xavier was surprised to see her, his green, unblinking gaze did

not reveal it. When he spoke, the bland tone sounded almost bored.

Hell, she nearly reached out to check his pulse.

“I did what on purpose?”

No hi, Gwendolyn, long time no see. Or Gwendolyn, how the hell

are you? No surprise. Just that same hard, blank mask he’d presented

to the other guests. It alarmed and annoyed her.

“Cornered them. Put them on the spot.” She ticked the options off

on her fingers. “Take your pick.”

Xavier’s lip curled in a faint smile that contained a wealth of deri-

sion. “I’m just keeping them honest. Instead of them giving me side-

4

Naima Simone

long glances and whispering about my face behind my back, I’m of-

fering them a full frontal view.”

The view packed the power of a sledgehammer. Yes, he was no

longer flawless, but it didn’t make him any less beautiful. Instead of

a golden Adonis, he’d become Odysseus—mortal, battle worn, and

scarred, but victorious because he’d made it through what would

have broken most people.

Wow, she grimaced inwardly. Flowery much? Greek gods, bat-

tles… She needed to pop Clash of the Titans out of the DVD player.

She traced his features with her gaze and wished the touch was

tactile instead of visual. To feel the hard jut of his cheekbone under

skin. The arrogant slope of his thin, patrician nose. The firm, sensual

bow of his upper lip and the full cushion of the lower curve. That

erotic dream of a mouth would be soft—she was as certain of that as

she was that any overture at gentleness would be rejected.

She inhaled and took a mental step back.

“You’re punishing them.” And yourself.

If possible, his expression hardened further, the harsh lines drawn

so tight, his flaming jeweled stare seemed to blaze out of the rigid

plane. Oh damn. As the words played back in her head, she imagined

how he’d interpreted them. Just…damn.

“Am I punishing you, Gwendolyn? Is looking at me such a hard-

ship?”

No explanation she offered would have been accepted. Xavier

wouldn’t believe that her concern was for him, not the shallow so-

cialites he’d once called friends. Yes, he’d punished them for their hy-

pocrisy by refusing to be regulated to the shameful secret everyone

whispered about. And yet, by confronting their thinly disguised dis-

gust and horror, he inflicted wound after wound to his heart—a heart

Xavier would probably deny possessing.

Gwendolyn waved a hand as if brushing off his accusation.

“That’s ridiculous.”

“Is it?” he drawled with a cocked eyebrow.

She sighed. “Xavier—”

“What are you doing here, Gwendolyn?”

Irritation flared at his abruptness. But since she’d come to the

event seeking him, she tamped it down and gave him what she hoped

appeared a serene expression.

“I was invited,” she replied. “I used to attend this gala with Josh-

ua. I guess they never took me off the invitation list.”

5

Loving the Beast

If mention of his brother affected him, Xavier hid it well.

“So you’re attending in memoriam of my brother?”

Gwendolyn gritted her teeth at the droll question. The commu-

nity center. Remember the community center, she reminded herself

with grim determination.

“Not exactly. I came here to see you.”

Xavier studied the five-feet-nine-inch beauty before him.

He wagered Gwendolyn believed she hid her annoyance. Yet even

as a kid, she’d worn her emotions on that lovely face.

Lovely… No, that word paled when describing the delicate bone

structure, almond-shaped eyes, and wide, mobile mouth. Striking.

Powerful. Stunning.

Sexy as fuck.

Her toffee-colored hair, only shades lighter than her smooth skin,

had been drawn back into a classic bun. Still, he recalled the explosion

of unruly spirals that proclaimed her biracial heritage as if it were yes-

terday instead of three years ago when he’d last seen her. Tonight the

tamed mass accentuated the arresting features that ensnared an ob-

server’s fascination. The only sight that could compete with her face

was the visual orgasm of her body.

Xavier lowered his inspection and took in the curves and dips

that could make RuPaul straight. Or envious. Full breasts that would

fit his wide palms perfectly. The indentation of her small waist and

feminine flare of her hips that made a man fantasize of gripping while

he fucked her long and hard. For kicks and giggles, include legs that

would wrap around his waist, her heels bouncing against his ass as he

plunged and withdrew from what he knew would be a tight pussy.

Shit.

His breath quickened. His heart stuttered. If he didn’t leash his

imagination, he would scandalize the good citizens of Boston by tent-

ing his tuxedo pants with a huge hard-on.

But then, his dead brother’s woman had always possessed the

power to make him desire something that didn’t belong to him.

Her.

For the first time in seven months—since his ex-fiancée had cheat-

ed and left him for another man—he experienced something besides

antipathy and bitterness toward a beautiful woman. Unlike others of

the fairer sex, Gwendolyn didn’t avoid looking at his face. She didn’t

make well-bred, phony excuses to extricate herself from his company.

6

Naima Simone

No. As she’d declared, Gwendolyn had come to see him. That

simple sentence shouldn’t have had the effect of a fist squeezing his

cock.“Well, you found me, Gwendolyn,” he murmured with a small

quirk of his lips. The puckered skin bisecting the left side of his face

pulled tight with the gesture, and the reminder of the disfiguring scar

destroyed any warmth he may have felt. “It must be important for you

to brave the beast.”

She scowled, and he could imagine her propping her fists on her

hips. “It’s not the scar that makes you a beast. It’s your attitude.”

Anger simmered in his chest, and he narrowed his gaze on her.

“Watch your tongue, Gwendolyn.”

“Or what?”

“Or you may just find it caught.” By my mouth, then on my cock.

“I didn’t come over here for this,” she grumbled and lifted a hand,

but stopped just short of thrusting her fingers through her hair. Low-

ering her hand, she aimed another black look at him, as if it were his

fault she couldn’t grab the bright strands. “I need to talk to you.”

“That’s what we’re doing.”

“In private.”

He surveyed the crowded ballroom in a long, exaggerated sweep

before coming back to her. “Now is not a good time.”

Damn, he enjoyed needling her. It had been so long since he’d

been interested in anything, much less indulged in teasing. She had

always stirred that reaction in him. Even when she’d been engaged to

his brother, Josh, she’d been the little sister he’d kidded and affection-

ately picked on.

Well, maybe little sister was a bit of an embellishment… After all,

wondering what your sibling looked like naked was not only illegal,

but sick.

And for years, he’d wondered.

“It will have to be a good time, Xavier. You’ve put me off for

months now, and I’m running out of time.”

Her accusation jolted him from thoughts of smooth, cocoa-color

flesh. “What the hell are you talking about?”

She allowed the curse to slide, but not his confusion. “I’ve called

your office at least a dozen times in the last few months. I’ve dropped

by only to wait for hours while you were on a ‘conference call.’” She

air-quoted with her fingers, and he could tell her annoyance had

7

Loving the Beast

ratcheted up to royally pissed off. “Did it occur to you that I might not

have been dropping by for old time’s sake, but that I needed you?”

Needed him? Him? Shit. She’d located and pressed his Easy but-

ton.“Fine,” he growled and hated himself for being interested, for be-

ing susceptible to this woman. Gripping her upper arm—and ignor-

ing how good her bare skin felt against the flesh of his palm—he then

towed her in the direction of the small study off the ballroom. She

stumbled behind him but righted herself and kept up with his quick

stride. The flash of remorse that attacked him served as a reminder as

to why he had to get rid of Gwendolyn Sinclair.

Over the past year, he’d dealt with his father’s death, his fian-

cée’s— ex-fiancée’s—betrayal, being ostracized by his peers, and a dis-

figurement that made kids go screaming to their mothers. At some

point, he’d grown numb. His heart had atrophied to a withered lump

in his chest, where nothing or no one could hurt him.

Now Gwendolyn had shown up and gifted him with glimpses

of a happier past and ghosts of emotions he’d become accustomed to

existing without.

Yeah, he would listen to her for old time’s sake, as well as that of

Josh’s. But after that, she had to go.

And never come back.

8





Chapter Two


“You have five minutes. Starting now.”

Xavier shoved his hands in his pants pockets, and the motion

drew his jacket away from his chest. Damn, it was wide. And hard,

Gwendolyn bet. It smoothed over a flat stomach, slim hips and down

to… She dragged her gaze away from the impressive bulge that even

the most artful cut couldn’t hide.

Jesus, what was wrong with her? One glance at his crotch, and she

was wet with anticipation.

“Time’s a wasting.” The taunt jerked her gaze up to his face—and

speaking of faces, hers had to be fire-engine red from the heat soar-

ing up her neck to her cheeks. Focus, dammit. Focus. Peering up at

Xavier, she encountered his bland expression. Still, she wondered if

he guessed where her attention had been trained and the thoughts

that had consumed her mind. God, she hoped not!

“I’ve been trying to get in touch with you—”

“Been over that.”

9

Loving the Beast

“To ask you for your help,” she gritted out as she bulldozed ahead

despite his rude interruption. “The community center is in need of a

grant.”

“The community center? A grant?” he asked, and she speculated

at the incredulity in his voice. “You need me because of money?” He

tipped his head back on his shoulders and emitted a sharp bark of

laughter that she would have been an idiot to label humorous. “Isn’t

that just fucking perfect?”

“I don’t need your money, or rather, your family foundation’s

money,” she corrected. “The community center does. If it doesn’t re-

ceive funding, it will have to close its doors.”

“Same difference.” He tilted his head forward and pinned her

with the same inscrutable mask as before. “The foundation has a com-

mittee to determine who receives the money. It’s not my decision. Go

through the application process like everyone else.”

“It is your decision. You have your finger on everything that bears

the St. James name.” She stole closer. “It’s the community center, Xavi-

er. Where you, Josh, and I met and played for hours. You learned how

to play basketball there. It’s just as important to the neighborhood

now as it was back then. If not for the center, so many kids would be

in gangs instead of on teams. Or receiving a destructive education on

the streets instead of the tutoring needed to help them graduate high

school. We need that grant, Xavier.”

Her voice wavered from the passion burning in her chest. The

huge, old building settled smack in the middle of Roxbury was her

passion. As chief administrator and program director, Gwendolyn

spent much of her time at the center. Just as she’d passed most of her

afternoons and evenings there as a child, whose single-parent mother

had been too preoccupied with chasing the youth she’d accused her

daughter of robbing.

Renee Sinclair had resented the child she’d birthed at seventeen

years old. By the time Gwendolyn had turned eight, the nightclubs

and various boyfriends had taken priority over her daughter. Survival

had taught Gwendolyn to cook simple meals of omelets and ham-

burgers, clean their cramped, lonely apartment, and get herself to and

from school.

She’d met the St. James brothers at the center one hot June af-

ternoon—twelve-year-old Xavier and ten-year-old Joshua. Their fa-

ther had been heading up a construction project nearby, and instead

of having his sons hang around the demolition site every day, he’d

10

Naima Simone

sent them to the neighborhood community center. One summer had

turned into years. She had become best friends with Joshua, and Xavi-

er, as the older brother, had looked out for both of them.

Though from different backgrounds, the three of them had estab-

lished a tight bond. And when Xavier, and then later she and Joshua,

had gone off to college, the friendship had endured. If not for the com-

munity center, she would’ve never had the St. James brothers in her

life. But scanning Xavier’s hard, impassive expression, Gwendolyn

concluded memories of those happier days affected her alone. She

might as well have been asking a mountain to feel, to empathize.

Come to think of it, a rock might have contained more emotion.

“So you want to bypass the application process and have me

influence the foundation’s decision on your behalf.” He twisted his

lips into a merciless caricature of a smile. “Based on what? Basketball

memories and you fucking my brother?”

Pain and humiliation radiated from the hole his cruelty punched

in her chest. She’d realized the accident and the events that had come

after—his father’s death, his fiancée’s abandonment, the rejection of

his “friends”—had affected him. But the man staring down at her with

cold, pitiless eyes didn’t resemble the Xavier St. James she’d known—

and it had nothing to do with the scar. The warm humor, kindness,

and compassion that had been integral aspects of his personality had

disappeared, leaving this aloof, cynical stranger who wore her child-

hood friend’s face.

Gwendolyn sucked in a shallow breath. Fine. In her mind, she

snatched off her earrings, dragged her hair into a ponytail, and

donned sneakers—the classic “sista” move that symbolized she was

getting ready to box.

“Far be it for me to impose on sentiment you don’t possess,” she

cooed in a tone her mother would have termed nice-nasty. “How

about I base my request on discrimination and prejudice? Or disen-

franchisement? Do those words work better for you?”

“Two minutes.”

The cool reminder of the elapsing time detonated her temper like

a lit match tossed in a puddle of oil. Boom!

“It must be nice to dwell in your ivory tower, where you can lord

over the world but not be a part of it. Pretend the masses don’t exist

except to keep your empire running.” The anger poured from her lips

in a torrent of uncensored words and resentment. It occurred to her

11

Loving the Beast

that the opportunity to gain Xavier’s support had disappeared in a

cloud of smoke. She should care, should put a halt to the furious ti-

rade. Yet the diatribe, now started, could not be contained.

“But the people who enable you to live like a prince are the same

ones in need of your foundation’s help. Not the Beacon Hill beautifi-

cation society. Or the local country club’s woman’s polo team. Real

people with real issues, like finding resources that will provide a way

out of poverty-stricken and crime-ridden neighborhoods. Like equip-

ping their children with a sufficient education when the schools have

a shortage of text books and supplies.”

Gwendolyn stalked forward until mere inches separated them.

His heat reached out to her through the white silk shirt, but it dimmed

under the gleam of his intent gaze. Under normal circumstances, she

would have proceeded with caution. But these weren’t normal cir-

cumstances.

“When I’m the only one playing fair in a process whose door is

closed to me before I even knock, then yes, I have no problem with

circumventing that same process.”

“What are you talking about?” The quiet question sent an omi-

nous shiver over her skin, reminding her of the thick weight of silence

before the storm hit full force.

“Have you bothered to check and see where your community ser-

vice funds have been allocated? For the past four years, your founda-

tion’s committee has awarded grants to two country clubs, a beautifi-

cation society, and an Ivy League polo team. I don’t know about the

other applicants who don’t hail from such gentrified origins, but I was

given the runaround for weeks about the status of my application be-

fore being informed that I must be mistaken. That I had not applied.”

She closed her eyes at the helpless fury that consumed her now,

a week later. Add to the already dim circumstances that the one per-

son who could help her refused, and she wanted to rail at him, cause

physical harm to alleviate the frustration and bitterness that welled

inside her.

“Gwendolyn.”

As she opened her eyes, she met his gaze again. The rigid lines of

his face remained stoic.

“What?”

“I’ll look into it. And if what you say is true, I promise you the

review and decision process will change at the foundation.”

12

Naima Simone

She believed him—Xavier might be a cold bastard now, but he’d

always been a man of his word, and she didn’t think something as

elemental as that would have altered with the accident. But his assur-

ance did little to alleviate her predicament.

“Thank you, Xavier. That will certainly help someone next year,

but as for today, it doesn’t change anything. If the community center

doesn’t receive aid, it will close in two weeks.”

He regarded her for long, silent moments. Never one to back

down from a challenge, Gwendolyn fought to endure the disquiet-

ing inspection, though she wanted to avert her gaze and look at any-

thing—the floor, the ceiling, the damn wallpaper—except his distant,

gorgeous face.

“What are you willing to do to save the center, Gwendolyn?”

Unexpected, the question surprised her into speechlessness. She

had the vague impression of a cat batting its paw at a mouse, toying

with it, and she was the unlucky rodent. Unsure of how to respond

to the ambiguous inquiry, she stuttered a reply: “I-I don’t know what

you mean.”

“Exactly what I said. What are you willing to do—to sacrifice—to

save the community center?”

She mulled over the sacrifices she’d already made—the cut in sal-

ary, the long hours. And then she considered the laughter of the chil-

dren as they played kickball, the pride when one of the older teens

graduated from high school, the gratefulness in a parent’s eyes as they

picked up their child after work, knowing he had been safe instead of

in trouble on the streets.

“Anything,” she stated and meant it. Long on hours and short on

pay, but the rewards couldn’t be numbered—or lost. “I’ll do whatever

it takes to keep it open.”

The calculating gleam that entered Xavier’s eyes almost made her

retract the vow. Oh God, she mused, so that’s what the devil looks like

when he buys a soul.

“I can’t interfere with the process at this late date,” he murmured,

sliding his hands from his pockets and crossing his arms over his

chest. “Whether the committee’s actions were right or wrong, to step

in now would penalize the recipient, and regardless of how the deci-

sion came to be, that’s not fair.”

Tough shit. Gwendolyn twisted her lips, and from Xavier’s arched

brow, he must have interpreted her thoughts accurately.

13

Loving the Beast

“There’s another alternative,” he proposed, and once again

Gwendolyn felt like the mouse to his cat. Except he no longer toyed

with her, but licked his paws in preparation for dinner—her. “Instead

of the grant, I’ll personally fund the community center for a year. I’ll

give the center a check in the exact amount of the grant.”

Joy soared in her chest. Oh God! She hadn’t expected him to—

Suspicion delivered a hard reality slap. Wait a minute. She nar-

rowed her eyes on his impassive expression. It revealed nothing, yet

the man she’d encountered this evening didn’t strike her as the mag-

nanimous kind. A niggling doubt warned her of the trap that loomed

one step after her agreement to his gift.

“That’s generous of you,” she replied, cautious. “What’s the

catch?”

The silence stretched so tight, she believed her nerves would snap

under the strain.

“You,” he stated. “You spend seven days and nights with me, in

my bed.” His lashes lowered, and he stared down at her from a hood-

ed gaze that promised sex and sin. The timbre of his voice deepened,

conjuring images of dark, hot nights and naughty acts she read about,

dreamed about…touched herself to. “In other words, Gwendolyn,

give me your body for the next week, and your precious community

center remains open.”

Even as he spoke, felt his lips shape the words, part of him couldn’t

believe he’d vocalized the ultimatum. God, how far had he sunk? This

was Gwendolyn, for fuck’s sake! He’d watched her grow from a knob-

by-kneed eight-year-old into a woman. Yet as he watched the shock

fade and the fury tighten her face into a contemptuous mask, lust rose

up beside the shame, capsizing it until only the need remained.

So much passion. She gave everything, held nothing back. What

would it feel like to be on the receiving end of such fierce emotion?

Shit. He wanted to find out. Ached to find out. Since Evelyn had left

him, his sexual encounters had been reduced to escorts well compen-

sated to pretend they found him irresistible. But he could con himself

into believing he didn’t notice their flinches of revulsion or pity for so

long. Fucking his fist had become more preferable—and less humiliat-

ing.Gwendolyn didn’t ignore his disfigurement or avoid direct eye

contact. No. Instead she squared off with him, staring him in the face.

And it was hot as fuck. He skimmed down the wine-colored dress that

bared her shoulders and draped in clean folds down her full breasts,

14

Naima Simone

narrow waist, and hips. His cock throbbed in hungry anticipation,

and he resisted the urge to cup his erection and squeeze to alleviate

some of the ache.

More than his next breath, he wanted to lift the long sweep of

material that hid her long legs, pretty thighs, and sweetly curved ass

from him. His palms itched as he conjured the sensation of smooth

skin and the wet, creamy flesh of her pussy.

Wet for him.

Yeah, he may be a grade-A bastard for blackmailing her into fuck-

ing him, but damn if he could rummage up a conscience about it. His

dick overruled principles.

“That’s not funny,” she bit out. “And your joke is in poor taste.”

“I don’t joke about half a million dollars.” He paused. “Or fuck-

ing.”“What happened to you, Xavier?” The anger bled from her ex-

pression, leaving behind the pity he detested. “Did that witch you

called a fiancée do that much of a job on you?”

He stiffened. Like hell they would discuss Evelyn. He didn’t

want to think about her. Didn’t want to reflect on walking into their

bedroom to find his soon-to-be-bride, the woman he’d loved, riding

another man. Didn’t want to remember her tear-stained face as she

blamed his disfigured face for her betrayal…

“Are you involved with someone?”

“What?” Her brow crinkled, and she appeared puzzled at the

brusque question and switch in subjects. Impatience swelled in his

chest.

“Are you involved with someone?” he repeated. Xavier couldn’t

contain the urgency in his voice and realized it stemmed from the

alarm that constricted his chest as he waited for her answer. If Gwen-

dolyn responded in the positive, he would call the deal off. The knowl-

edge that he could lose her with one word clawed at him. But the pain

and humiliation of Evelyn’s betrayal continued to haunt him like a

ghost that refused to go into the damn light. No matter how much

he wanted—needed—Gwendolyn, he couldn’t inflict that torment on

another person.

He was a bastard, an asshole, and pathetic enough to extort sex

from a woman he hungered for but he would never force her to betray

a man she loved. So much for his dick overriding principles. It ap-

peared he had one moral standard left.

How fucking inconvenient.

15

Loving the Beast

“No,” she snapped. And as quick as that, her temper returned.

“Do you think I would even consider your…your blackmail if I were

seeing someone?” Her chin jerked up, the gesture defiant, and yet

Xavier noticed the wounded quiver beneath.

He steeled his heart against the prick of conscience at the sight.

“The time for consideration has passed. Yes or no, Gwendolyn,”

he stated, the ice freezing his veins mirrored in his voice. “Make a

decision. It’s your choice.”

“What choice?” Gwendolyn spit. Through her fury, he detected a

vulnerability that almost made him reconsider the gauntlet he’d cast

down. Almost.

“Simple, sweetheart,” he murmured. The inches separating them

disappeared as he took the small step that brought them chest to chest,

thigh to thigh. Her small, sharp gasp brushed the skin on his throat,

and savage triumph surged through him. This close, she couldn’t hide

the rapid rise and fall of her chest or the small whimper she bit off—

but not before he caught it.

His heart pounded in his chest like an animal attempting to free

itself from its prison. Gwendolyn wanted him; she may not like it or

even admit it, but the body couldn’t lie. If a slim chance of him having

to rescind the ultimatum had existed, the shudder of her breath across

his skin obliterated it to hell.

Xavier lifted his hand and pinched her chin in a firm but gentle

grip.“Either give me your body for seven days, or relinquish your pre-

cious community center in fourteen. Sacrifice yourself to the beast, or

watch the doors of the center close. You or the kids you claim to love

so—”“You’re right,” she interrupted, meeting his close examination,

not shying away. “You are a monster.” As the insult struck him in

a heart he’d believed no longer existed, Gwendolyn jerked her head

out of his grip and stepped back. “And I accept your…terms,” she

whispered.

Victory possessed an acrid tang even as his gut fisted with the

knowledge that in days he would be balls-deep inside this stunning

woman. Nothing, not even the flash of remorse that nipped at his con-

science, could overtake the need to find oblivion in her pussy. Would

she be fierce, demanding her pleasure? Or would she reveal a shier

side, one he would enjoy shocking with the acts he planned to exact

16

Naima Simone

from her? Would her pussy cream for him, easing the tight fit around

his cock—

“Don’t misunderstand, Xavier. I’ll lie on my back for you for a

week because the other choice sucks worse than the one I’ve made.

But when it’s over, know that you’ll have taken more than my body.

You’ll have stolen my memories of the man you were.”

She pivoted and stalked toward the door. The rigid spine, the sul-

try sway of her hips in the wine-colored dress waved at him like a red

flag to a raging bull. Shame and lust mingled, swirling together in a

toxic mixture. Before he acknowledged his intentions, Xavier rushed

across the room and reclaimed the distance she’d placed between

them. His chest slammed into her back, and only the anchor of his arm

snaked around her waist prevented her forward impetus to the floor.

He didn’t take time to think, analyze, or reconsider his actions.

His cock, nestled in the crease of her ass, commandeered all rational

thought. The bottom curve of her breasts pillowed over his arm, the

soft mounds a warm weight, but the cushion of her full, sexy ass even

more so. Goddamn. He groaned, grinding his erection into the firm

flesh.Lust claimed him, and he became no better than the beast he called

himself. He locked one arm around her waist and bit into her hip with

the fingers of his other hand, restraining her for the slow, hard strokes

of his dick. A miniscule section of his brain that hadn’t been complete-

ly overshadowed by arousal comprehended that Gwendolyn didn’t

fight him. When she arched in his arms, her spine forming a perfect

bow and her ass pushing back against him, it wasn’t to escape his

embrace. The soft whimper wasn’t one of protest, but encouragement.

Sweet need.

“One taste, baby,” he muttered and released Gwendolyn’s hip to

cup her chin and angle her head back. Then Xavier lowered his head

and trailed his mouth along the exposed, graceful line of her neck.

Fresh and pure, the taste of her skin was like water to a thirsty man.

He took another sip. The muscles in her throat bobbed under his teeth

as he grazed a path to the slope of her shoulder.

“So good,” he praised. “So damn good.” He transferred both

hands to her hips and whirled her around. As her chest bumped his,

he swallowed her soft, surprised gasp into his mouth. The flavor of

her… Jesus. Like the honeyed bamieh his mother used to make when

he was a boy combined with the punch of the whiskey-laced coffee

his father enjoyed after dinner. Sweet. Potent. Addictive. He plunged

17

Loving the Beast

between her parted lips, tongue-fucking her mouth the same way he

hungered to take her body.

She gripped his arms and clung to him as if he were her anchor

in the midst of this violent, lust-filled tempest. He sucked on her

tongue, not allowing her to withdraw. The need that clawed at his gut

squeezed his balls and transformed him into the ravenous beast he’d

called himself.

He clenched the material of her dress and bunched it in huge fist-

fuls, drawing the skirt up her thighs. The muted swish of soft silk

sweeping up even softer thighs caressed his senses, adding another

layer of sensation to the moment. She dug her nails into his arms

through his jacket, and the bite stoked the fire in his balls. But when he

tucked his hand between their bodies and dipped between her thighs

to cup the drenched flesh there, the flame raged into an inferno.

Damn, she was soaking wet. Awe filled him, momentarily eclips-

ing the gnawing lust . For me. She’s wet for me. He groaned. The juices

from her pussy saturated her panties, dampening his palm and fin-

gers. He flexed the tips against her swollen flesh.

“No,” Gwendolyn cried out. She wrenched free of his hold and

stumbled backward several steps before steadying herself. For several

long moments, the only sounds in the room were her labored pants

and his harsh breathing. The tension seemed like a living, breathing

entity. Head lowered, hands fisted alongside her thighs, Gwendolyn

stood as still as a statue, flesh transformed to stone.

Look at me, he wanted to demand. Look at me, dammit. Would he

identify disgust in her dark gaze that she’d allowed him, a disfigured

beast, to touch her? And worse, that she had been aroused by him, her

slit soaked with cream, dripping with it?

Coward.

He twisted his lips in a loathing snarl. He didn’t have the nerve

to examine her features and find the answers. The knowledge rough-

ened his voice when he spoke.

“No what?” he drawled. “Don’t make you wet? I believe that ship

has sailed, sweetheart.”

Gwendolyn sucked in a deep breath and held it in a vain hope to

suffocate the pain that ricocheted against her rib cage. It vied with the

lust that clenched her stomach, heated her pussy.

Exhaling, she lifted her head and forced herself to meet Xavier’s

impassive stare. How did he do it? How did he turn his emotions on

and off like a faucet? One moment he’d held her, touched her with so

18

Naima Simone

much passion, it overwhelmed her. And in the next instant, he coldly

studied her as if he hadn’t palmed her sex and moaned in her mouth.

How many nights had she lain awake dreaming of his kiss, of his

hard, powerful body covering hers? She shivered. Too many to count.

Part of her—the part she allowed free in the darkest hour of

night—secretly thrilled at the idea of being able to discover what it

meant to be his lover. After Joshua’s death, she’d given up hope of

finding out. Now she had the chance…but at what cost? Accepting

his offer reduced her to a prostitute. Yes, her submission would save

the community center. But regardless of the altruistic reason, she had

agreed to trade her body for money. Resentment tangled with hurt.

Xavier had blackmailed her for what she would have freely given

him—had yearned to give him for years. Pride demanded she tell him

to shove the bargain up his ass, that she could find other means to

save the center.

And need whispered that at last she would know how his skin

would feel sliding against hers. Know if his eyes burned bright with

passion or darkened as desire rose. Know how his cock would stretch

her pussy, fill the emptiness.

And after the heat cooled, in those quiet moments, she’d find out

if he would caress her back, murmur tender words, brush his lips over

hers softly, so softly…

She lifted her hand and pressed the back to her mouth, as if she

could imprison the taste of him there.

Eyes that had been coolly assessing went arctic as they narrowed

on the gesture. She dropped her arm, and in her mind hit Rewind

then Play, viewing her action through his eyes. From Xavier’s point of

view, it may have appeared as if she was wiping his kiss away.

“Don’t worry,” he said, the soft tone at odds with the cold fury

boring a hole in her. “You have seven days to get accustomed to it.”

Anger at the reminder of his devil’s bargain surged, hot and wel-

come. It erased the shame, the pain, the hunger.

“But the week hasn’t started yet,” she shot back. “And that kiss

will be the only freebie you’ll receive.” His expression hardened, and

for a brief moment, she believed he didn’t appreciate being reminded

of his own terms. Ridiculous. After all, it was his extortion.

“Be at my house by six o’clock Saturday evening, or I’ll assume

you’ve changed your mind about our agreement, and my check will

remain in my account. Do we understand each other?”

19

Loving the Beast

“Perfectly.” Not trusting herself to remain in the same room with

him any longer, Gwendolyn turned and stalked the small distance

to the door. She gripped and twisted the knob, opened the door, and

exited the study.

Let the countdown begin.

20





Chapter Three


Two and a half hours.

One hundred and fifty minutes.

And Gwendolyn prayed the entire last fifty minutes as her stom-

ach heaved and roiled with every curve and dip in the road that felt

like a lunch-defying loop on a roller coaster. Sweat beaded on her

forehead and coated her palms. The slippery skin slid on the steering

wheel she gripped as if it were the last lifeline on Who Wants to be a

Millionaire.

“I can do this,” she murmured the mantra. “Only a little while

longer to go. I can do this.” Her stomach chose that moment to give a

hard lurch, and the ginger ale she’d purchased at the last stop surged.

With a couple of desperate swallows, Gwendolyn coaxed the swell of

liquid back down her throat, but not before it left an acidic burn on

her esophagus behind. “Oh God, I can do this.”

Minutes later, relief flooded her as the sign for Great Barrington

came into view. When she passed the First Congregational Church of

21

Loving the Beast

Great Barrington, hope made an appearance for the first time since

she’d left her home that morning. According to Xavier’s e-mailed

instructions, he lived right outside of the town. At another time,

Gwendolyn would have appreciated and marveled at the beauty of

the Berkshires in the golden and auburn beauty of fall. But with her

raging fever and feeling as if her gut would turn inside out at any

moment, its natural glory failed to impress. She needed a toilet or a

bed—and it didn’t matter which came first.

Of course, the swirl of mortification that coiled a tight knot in

her stomach didn’t help the nausea. Images of the night in the study

flashed through her mind. Like a video complete with audio, she

viewed herself clinging to Xavier, arching into his kiss, drenching

his hard palm with the cream coating her pussy lips. It shamed her

how easily he’d aroused her. Five minutes with him, and her nipples

had beaded into tight points, her palms had prickled with the need to

stroke him, and her clit pulsed in a primal rhythm. As primed as she’d

been, his one touch had almost catapulted her into nirvana.

Heat flamed her cheeks, and she wouldn’t have been surprised

to find third-degree burns on her face. Even now, as her sex clenched

in memory, arousal and guilt assailed her. Arousal because just the

recollection of his caress dampened her panties—again. And guilt for

the same reason.

This arrangement had nothing to do with love or even affection.

Thinking back on the man she’d encountered several nights ago, she

didn’t believe he liked anyone. Himself included.

Xavier had transformed from the warm, funny man she’d known

over half her life. It seemed his father’s death and fiancée’s defection

had shriveled his heart, stealing the gentleness and kindness along

with them. She should hate him for using her passion for the commu-

nity center against her. That he would take advantage of her despera-

tion and exploit it illustrated just how little of the man she’d grown up

with remained.

And yet, as much as she’d wanted to punch him, the desire to pull

him close, hold and comfort him, outweighed the anger.

Xavier’s vitality and beauty had always fascinated her; it was like

a beautiful, exotic bird she could admire yet never touch. It hadn’t

been until she’d grown older that Gwendolyn realized the vitality he

emanated was an innate sensuality that seemed to blaze from within

like a torch. And at some point, fascination had transcended to love

and a need that scared her.

22

Naima Simone

Her love and desire for Xavier was her secret…and shame.

Joshua had been safe—her best friend, a kind man and consider-

ate lover. The stability he’d offered was the exact antithesis of the un-

reliable and emotional volatility of her mother. He’d been her haven.

Even as her feelings for Xavier deepened, too many years of being Re-

nee Sinclair’s unwanted, unloved child kept her devoted to Josh. With

Josh, she’d been secure in his love—not like his godlike older brother.

But it had all come crashing down in the most horrific way. Her

unfaithfulness of the heart had driven Joshua to his death the night

of their rehearsal dinner, when she’d finally, after years of living a

lie, gathered the courage to confess that she couldn’t marry him. She

hadn’t mentioned Xavier, but he’d known. And she hadn’t denied it.

Gwendolyn had betrayed Joshua…and sent him to his death.

Part of her wondered if her quick capitulation to this extortion

was her means of penance.

Penance for the love and desire that wouldn’t abate. That had her

driving hours to be with Xavier and snatch the scrap of time their deal

allotted.

Pushing the disquieting reflections aside, she couldn’t suppress

her grateful whimper as she spied the marker for Xavier’s house. Oh,

thank God.

The quintessential New England farmhouse, with a wide, spa-

cious front porch and an emerald green lawn that seemed to stretch

for miles, greeted her. Out her side window, she glimpsed fences as

pristine white as the house. Several elegant horses grazed behind the

barrier, and their regal beauty distracted her from the nauseating

twists of her stomach for just a moment. A city girl, Gwendolyn had

never had the opportunity to be around the animals, much less ride

one. They were beautiful. Then her lips parted, forming an awed O.

The stunning home differed from her small, West Roxbury apartment

like the majestic mountains contrasted with Boston’s steel giants.

Returning her attention to the long expanse of driveway, she con-

tinued up the road and soon pulled her car to a stop in front of the

house. She shoved open the door and spilled out of the front seat. It

required all her strength and concentration to cover the space from

the car to the front door. In reality, it was most likely a distance of a

couple hundred feet, but it seemed to yawn to the size of a football

field with each step she took.

Finally she climbed the steps and knocked on the door. I made it.

Gwendolyn sighed. Anxiety at beginning her service as Xavier’s tem-

23

Loving the Beast

porary mistress paled in comparison to her relief at having arrived at

her destination without puking in the car. But the respite was short-

lived. Nausea cramped her insides, and a wave of darkness assailed

her. It faded almost immediately, but left gold sparks twinkling in her

peripheral vision. Oh shit. I’m not going to make it.

One of the red double front doors opened. She stared up at Xavier

through a dim veil of misery. Even that didn’t detract from the po-

tency of his sexual magnetism. Dammit.

He arched a dark brown eyebrow. “Congratulations. You made it

without a second to—” Xavier frowned, and the sarcasm melted from

his expression and tone to be replaced by confused irritation. “You

look like shit.”

“You charmer, you,” she whispered. And then her world crashed

to black.

She met Jesus.

***

And he was hot. Like, gorgeous hot.

Was that sacrilegious?

Must be, because now she was in hell. And God—did one call on

God when roasting in hell?—it was burning up. The flames licked and

scorched every part of her body. Tears stung her eyes as she flipped

over to her left side. So this was how Joan of Arc had felt…

Wait. Not hot. Cool. Refreshing coolness that made her cry in ear-

nest. Maybe she hadn’t been condemned to eternal damnation after

all. Everyone knew there was no ice water in hell. How many times

had her mother warned her of that?

God—she could call on him now, right?—it felt wonderful. Must

be back in heaven.

And Jesus was still a hottie.

Gwendolyn fought to

***

lift eyelids that seemed to be weighted

down by dumbbells. After several more seconds, she won the battle,

and a bright, hazy light immediately assaulted her eyes. Groaning,

she tried to roll over—and remained still.

What the hell?

Bewildered, and with not a little anxiety setting in, she attempted

to move again, and this time shifted to her side, but not without a lot

of effort and heavy breathing. Jeez. She felt like she’d run a marathon.

24

Naima Simone

“So, you’re finally awake.”

That voice blasted the confusing lethargy away. It all came crash-

ing back. Xavier’s proposition. Driving to his home.

Burning up…

Jesus?

Rolling to her back—which was a hell of a lot easier than mov-

ing to her side—Gwendolyn stared up into Xavier’s gorgeous, scarred

features. His gaze seemed to examine her face as if tracing every line

and dimension. Gwendolyn resisted the urge to skim a touch over her

skin. Not that she would have possessed the energy.

“How are you feeling?”

“Like I’ve been beaten like a runaway slave and hot pokers have

been jammed in my eyes.” Was that her grumpy response? Sheesh.

The corner of his full, sensual lips quirked before he turned to-

ward the huge bay windows that spilled sunshine across the blue

comforter she huddled under. She watched the fascinating play of

muscles between his shoulder blades as he lifted an arm and dragged

the curtains closed, shutting out the worst of the bright rays.

“Better, Kunta?”

“Much,” she grumbled. Smart-ass. “Thanks. What happened?”

“You’ve been sick with fever for two days.”

Gwendolyn gaped at him. Her mind reeled. She’d arrived in Great

Barrington on Saturday evening. And Sunday…Sunday. She frowned.

She couldn’t remember Sunday.

“That’s impossible,” she objected.

“The doctor has been here three times since Saturday night.”

He arched an eyebrow as if daring her to object again. “If your fever

hadn’t broken yesterday afternoon, he was going to have you admit-

ted to the hospital.”

“But I went to the doctor, and all I had was a twenty-four-hour

virus.”

Xavier crossed his arms over his chest. “When did you do that?”

Gwendolyn dropped her gaze to the blanket. He would ask that.

“Friday,” she mumbled.

Apparently Xavier didn’t just own the eyes of a hawk, but the ears

of one too. Her inaudible response hadn’t escaped him.

“Friday?” he repeated, narrowing his eyes. “You were sick since

Friday and still drove up here feverish on Saturday?” His arms

dropped from his chest, and his hot glare pinned her to the bed like

a butterfly on a corkboard. “You fucking fainted on my doorstep,

25

Loving the Beast

Gwen.” She flinched at the quiet menace in that dark statement. “If

you had passed out behind the wheel instead of in my arms, you

could have been seriously hurt. Or worse.” Xavier advanced to the

bed, and from the tension cording his body and the tight fists at his

sides, Gwendolyn imagined he wanted to hoist her from the bed and

shake her. “Why the hell didn’t you call and tell me you were sick?”

“You wouldn’t have believed me,” she shot back, irritation rising

and infusing her body with enough strength to struggle to a sitting

position. Weakness be damned. She couldn’t spend another second

lying flat on her back while he towered over her like a stern parent

lecturing a recalcitrant child. “What are you so angry about, Xavier?

I arrived here on the designated day by the designated time.” All she

contained in her arsenal to battle him with was the derision in her

voice, and Gwendolyn wielded it like a broadsword. “What? Are you

mad because you’ve lost two days off your precious bargain? I hum-

bly apologize that my fever cockblocked.”

Xavier stiffened. She almost believed she’d caught a hint of sur-

prised hurt in his eyes before his expression hardened into a scowl so

dark, his scar seemed to whiten. Must have been the residual effects

of the fever to make her think the mountain of stone looming over her

could experience a human emotion like pain.

“That’s it exactly,” he growled. “You have no idea how close you

came to being fucked while you were delirious.” Xavier cast her one

last disgusted glare before spinning around sharply and stalking

across the room. He gripped the doorknob and yanked the door open.

He paused long enough to bark, “Call whoever it is you need to notify

that your stay has been extended, since I won’t be able to collect for

at least another two days. I believe in getting my money’s worth.” He

slammed the door shut behind him.

Gwendolyn gaped, the echo of wood cracking against wood con-

tinuing to ring in her ears. Whoa. She replayed their conversation in

her head. What did he have to be angry—

Ah hell. She wanted to smack herself in the forehead, but her head

ached already. How could she have been so stupid? So obtuse? “If you

had passed out behind the wheel instead of in my arms, you could have

been seriously hurt. Or worse.” Of course. He’d lost both his brother

and father in car accidents. Even if he didn’t care for her, realizing she

could have been hurt driving to his home because of their deal would

have affected him. She imagined he feared car crashes like most peo-

26

Naima Simone

ple feared snakes or heights. Gwendolyn sighed. And she’d accused

the man of being a horny asshole.

The only asshole in the room had been her.

Xavier lifted his hand ***

to the gold doorknob of Gwendolyn’s

room. And paused. A low hum of anger continued to simmer deep

in his gut, but at least it had cooled from the inferno that had raged

when he’d left her room earlier. It had taken hours for his fury to settle

to a slow heat. In that time, the doctor had come and gone, he’d had

a lunch tray sent up to her while she napped, and he’d managed a

few hours of work. Yet it hadn’t been until an hour ago that he’d dug

past the bullshit and his offended pride to the heart of the reason be-

hind his anger. Gwendolyn had every right to be suspicious of his

motives. Hell, since the moment they’d reunited, he’d rebuffed her,

blackmailed her, and then shoved his hand between her thighs.

Yeah, he’d bolstered her confidence in his character.

Acknowledging she had reason to suspect his concern didn’t less-

en the sting. He remembered a time when she had been free with her

smiles and affection. Before Josh’s and his father’s death. Before the

disfiguring scar. Before his life had gone to shit.

Prior to the car accident, Xavier wouldn’t have considered himself

vain or self-absorbed. His appearance and lifestyle had been things

he’d taken for granted. It wasn’t until after the bandages had been re-

moved, and people stared as if he belonged in a cage like a sideshow

freak, and those he’d believed friends avoided him like the clap, that

he’d realized how much his life had revolved around those superficial

aspects. His eyes had been opened to how shallow his life had been—

as well as the people in it.

It didn’t prevent him from being bitter as hell, though.

With a muttered curse, Xavier twisted the knob and opened the

bedroom door. Gwendolyn reclined on a mound of pillows, her un-

ruly curls a bright halo around her head. God, he loved her hair. Even

when Josh had been alive, her soft, springy curls had been a source

of erotic dreams. Guilt had pricked his conscience, but he’d still en-

visioned snagging the spirals in his fist as he dragged her head back

for his mouth. Or imagined the soft slide of them over his chest and

stomach as she tongued a path to his cock. Or dreamed of wrapping

the curls around his cock.

27

Loving the Beast

He’d never fantasized about fucking his ex-fiancée’s hair, for

God’s sake.

He stepped into the room and closed the door behind him. Gwen-

dolyn’s lashes lifted at the muted click. Her dark gaze locked with

his. Though still dulled by her bout with illness, her eyes studied him

with a sharpness that threatened to peer too deep, see too much. He

turned away.

“Dinner is almost ready,” he murmured, crossing the room and

pausing at the foot of her bed. “I thought you might like a bath before

you eat.”

Her delighted sigh brought his head back to face her. His breath

trapped in his throat, he thrust his hands in the front pockets of his

pants to keep from reaching out to her. Here was a woman who did

not take life for granted. Not when something as simple as a bath

caused her lashes to lower and the corner of her soft mouth to tilt in

an expression of hedonistic pleasure. His heart hammered, and he re-

leased his pent-up breath. It eased the drumming in his chest but did

jack shit for the pounding in his cock. He longed to see that cat-who-

just-ate-the-cream smile as he rose from between her spread thighs,

after she’d just come on his tongue.

“I would give you my firstborn child, Rumpelstiltskin.”

The spurt of amusement caught him off guard. Laughter had been

in short supply for a long while, and it felt strange. That saddened

him. Had his existence become so solitary and his bitterness so en-

trenched that joy was an alien experience?

Xavier cleared his throat and reached out to tug on the bedcovers.

“Not necessary, since any child of yours would probably take after

you and be hell on wheels.”

“I was precocious.” Gwendolyn scowled at his snort, eased her-

self to a sitting position, and gingerly swung her legs over the side of

the bed. The large T-shirt he’d clothed her in bared smooth, brown

thighs and calves to his starved gaze. With herculean effort, he tore

his stare away from her lovely skin, but the image was emblazoned

in his mind.

With more care and gentleness than he would have believed him-

self capable of, he encircled her upper arm and helped her stand. After

two bedridden days, her legs trembled, and the slight tremor traveled

up her body to the slender, fine-boned hand that clutched his forearm.

Muttering a curse, Xavier bent his knees and hooked an arm beneath

28

Naima Simone

her knees while the other supported her back. He straightened with

Gwendolyn in his arms, pressed to his chest.

Her squawk of surprise echoed in his ear as she flung her arms

around his neck as if she dangled from a great precipice instead of

several feet in the air. He rolled his eyes even as he surrendered to a

small grin.

“Calm down, Gwen,” he admonished.

“What are you doing?” she ranted. “You can’t carry me. I’m too

heavy.”

“Don’t I know it. I think I may’ve slipped a disk.” He grunted and

grinned wider at her outraged gasp. Truthfully, in spite of her height,

she was a negligible weight in his arms. If she realized how much he

savored the crush of her breasts against his chest and the press of her

soft thighs over his arm, she would have demanded he lower her to

floor. Good thing his parents had raised a man intelligent enough not

to mention the obvious.

Her protests continued into the spacious bathroom and didn’t

end until he lowered her to the top of the closed toilet lid.

“I can’t believe you did that,” she grumbled as he turned to the

large, Jacuzzi-style bathtub and twisted the faucets. Water gushed out

and filled the bottom of the tub in seconds. He held his fingers under

the steady stream, testing its warmth. Satisfied, he whirled on his heel

and exited the room. It required only moments to gather a fresh pair

of pajama bottoms and one of the tank tops she’d packed along with

vanilla-scented shampoo and conditioner. When he returned to the

bathroom, her expression altered from disgruntled to delighted as her

eyes lit on the articles in his hands.

“Are you ready?” Xavier placed the clothes and bottles on the

counter and stepped forward.

“Yes.” Her wide brown eyes dipped to the floor before lifting to

meet his once again. “Xavier, um, I can’t…”

He grasped what she seemed to have a hard time voicing and

suppressed the automatic objection that rose in his throat. Hell, who

did she think had bathed her and changed her sweat-drenched clothes

for the past two days? But he stopped himself. She was weak, uncer-

tain, and vulnerable. He understood her need to have a tight rein over

even the smallest detail when everything else seemed to be spinning

out of control.

“I will be right outside the door. Call me if you feel the slightest

bit faint or sick, and I’ll come right in. Promise me?” Her nod and

29

Loving the Beast

relief were immediate, and though he would rather be beside Gwen-

dolyn in the room, her grateful smile turned him into enough of a

sucker to leave the bathroom again and shut the door closed behind

him. Xavier wedged his shoulder against the doorjamb and waited,

listening for any sound of distress on the other side of the door. When

the soft splash followed by a tired sigh reached him, he released his

own gust of breath. And relaxed.

Listening to the muffled sounds of her bathing became a form

of exquisite torture. Thanks to her illness, Xavier knew exactly what

awaited in the other room. The forced intimacy had stripped away

barriers of modesty. He’d felt like an animal lusting after her lovely

body even as fever had raged through it. Of course he hadn’t sunk so

low on the moral barometer that he’d have molested her, but it would

have taken an act of God to keep him from imagining those luscious

curves writhing under him in a heat not associated with illness.

Snorting with disgust, Xavier grasped the knob, twisted it, and

entered the bathroom again.

“Dammit, Xavier!” Gwendolyn gasped. A splash and a glimpse of

smooth brown shoulders was all he caught before she disappeared be-

neath the rippling surface of the water. As if her hands and the small

square cloth he’d left for her to bathe with would be able to hide her

body from him if he stepped up to the tub’s edge.

Shit. He stifled a moan and wheeled around toward the counter.

His heart and cock throbbed from that brief flash of flesh alone. She

had been in his home sick for three days. Sick, you perverted POS.

Yes, she was on the mend, but she remained as weak as a newborn

foal. Gwendolyn needed care, not out-of-control lust. He inhaled and

willed the arousal away. Good. He exhaled, the breath slow and even.

It’s all goo— Fuck, he wanted her. He closed his eyes, grabbed the

shampoo bottle, and held on to it as if it were the last life jacket on the

Titanic.

“Calm down, Gwen,” he said soothingly, tightening his fingers

around the bottle. Hello, kettle. I’m pot. “I’m just going to wash your

hair.” Opening his eyes, the gaze that met his in the mirror gleamed

bright green with desire and anticipation. The shadows of fear and

longing for something other than her body that lurked behind the

arousal—he ignored those. He turned with the shampoo in hand and

faced her glare.

“I can wash my own hair,” she objected, drawing her knees to her

chest and encircling them tight.

30

Naima Simone

“You could,” he agreed and settled his hip on the wide lip of the

tub. “But I’m going to.”

“Fascist,” she snapped as he flicked the cap up and poured a large

dollop of the clear, vanilla-scented soap in his palm.

Xavier snorted and shifted into a more comfortable position.

“That’s not what you called me two nights ago.” He leaned for-

ward, removed the cloth band she’d use to constrain her hair in a high

ponytail, and drizzled the shampoo onto the thick strands. “Then I

was Jesus.”

“I did not—” But her protest morphed into a long, satisfied moan.

He smiled and continued the firm massage of her scalp and hair that

had cut off her vehement protest. “Oh my God, that feels good.” The

smile dipped from his lips as he conjured images of her uttering the

same words, except arching over him as she took his cock in her pussy.

Or of him savoring the same sweet flesh.

“Xavier?”

The soft voice dragged him back to the present. His fingers had

stilled midstroke, and Gwendolyn stared at him over her shoulder.

“Sorry,” he murmured, even that one word husky with thoughts

of having her wet, tight sex surrounding him and the sugary spice of

her on his tongue. “Lean your head back so I can rinse the shampoo

out.”As he stood and removed the detachable showerhead from its an-

chor, Gwendolyn snickered.

“I didn’t really call you Jesus, did I?”

He couldn’t prevent the grin from stretching his lips any more

than he could have tamped down his lust for her. Water poured from

the spigots again in a thunderous rush before he twisted another knob

and it switched to a steady stream from the showerhead. He passed

his fingers under the water to test its warmth. Satisfied with the tem-

perature, he then lifted the nozzle to Gwendolyn’s hair. The honey-

colored strands darkened to caramel under the spray, and the loose

curls tightened into the corkscrews that had always fascinated him.

Still did.

“Yes, ‘fraid so.” He would have added that she’d also poked his

chest and called him a lumpy but warm blanket as she’d burrowed

closer to him. But that would involve explaining that he’d slept in the

bed with her. Yeah, not the best time to bring that up. “I don’t see why

that surprises you,” he added, setting the showerhead on the side of

31

Loving the Beast

the tub. “I delivered your sweet ass out of so many scrapes when you

were younger, I might as well be your savior.”

Her laughter bounced off the tiled walls. “You’re exaggerating,

Xavier. I wasn’t that bad.”

Xavier snorted his disbelief as he poured more shampoo into his

hand and rubbed it in her hair. Again Gwendolyn emitted a small

moan of pleasured that rippled down his cock. His fingers tightened

momentarily before resuming the massage. With no small effort, he

forced his focus off his dick and back to their conversation.

“What about the time you scheduled that fight for three o’clock

behind the community center with the biggest eleven-year-old God

ever created, and I had to break it up before your mother found out—

and before that girl handed your ass to you in a sling?”

“She was a bully.”

“And the time I had to drive out in the middle of the night to pick

you and your girlfriends up on the side of the road because your car

broke down on the way home from sneaking into that all-male revue

at a strip club?”

“A rite of passage?”

“And we can’t forget about the streaking incident in college. Not

only did I have to go down to the police station and bail you out, but

I also had to promise all sorts of things to the dean of students so she

would agree not to tell your mother about the event and not suspend

you from school.”

“You did take one for the team on that one, Xavier.” She chuckled

and leaned her head back for another rinse. Her grin stretched wide.

“But at least she was pretty.”

“She was at least fifty-years old to my twenty-three, and I had to

dodge her phone calls for a year after that dinner,” he growled and

gave her hair a playful tug.

Her exaggerated yelp dragged a rusty laugh from him.

“I wouldn’t have made it through college without you,” Gwen-

dolyn confessed, eyes closed as he threaded his fingers through her

thick, sodden strands, ensuring all the shampoo had been washed

out. “Sacrifices notwithstanding, the phone calls to check in on me,

unexpected visits to take me to dinner, even help with my papers and

exams…” She shook her head. “You were the best friend I had. I never

admitted this before, but when Joshua announced he was going to

Rhode Island University and leaving me in Boston, I was scared as

hell. For the first time since we were kids, I faced being alone. But

32

Naima Simone

with you there, I wasn’t by myself. I’ve never thanked you for that.

I’m sure you had better options than spending evenings with your

younger brother’s girlfriend.” Gwendolyn lifted her lashes, and he

stared down into her dark brown gaze. The laughter had disappeared

from her voice, and the smile had left her lips.

“I missed you.” Her quiet admission seemed to resonate in the

still room. “After Joshua returned, and you stopped coming around as

much, I missed you.”

The steady spill of water from the showerhead filled the silence.

Feeling like a coward, Xavier glanced away, switched the nozzle off,

and twisted the faucets.

“Joshua asked me to look after you while he was away. When he

graduated and came home, my end of the bargain had been fulfilled.”

He rose to his feet and reattached the apparatus. The explanation re-

vealed half the truth. But how could he tell her he’d purposely stayed

away once his brother returned home because he’d experienced feelings

of jealousy and possessiveness that had confused and disturbed him?

At some point, he’d come to think of Gwendolyn as his, and he

had resented Joshua’s homecoming and what he’d viewed as usurp-

ing his place in her life. The emotions had horrified him, and he’d

placed distance between him and Gwendolyn until he could occupy

the same space as her and not feel…cheated.

“You and your bargains,” she murmured and turned around to

rest her chin on her drawn-up knees. He paused, arm outstretched

toward a towel hanging on the wall rod. If anger had laced her tone,

he could have shaken it off. No, irritation wouldn’t have touched him,

but the sadness in that solemn voice knocked at a conscience he’d be-

lieved silenced long ago.

“Gwen—”

“If you leave the towel on the tub, I can manage. Thank you for

washing my hair.”

An instinctive protest rose up in him, but he squashed it and lifted

the towel from the rack.

“I’ll get dinner for you.” Placing the cloth on the edge of the tub,

he stared at the long, elegant line of her naked back another moment

before pivoting and leaving the room. As he closed the door, Xavier

didn’t know whether he was thankful for or regretted her interrup-

tion. Thankful, he decided, crossing the room. The words he may

have said would have only embarrassed them both.

Because really… Who could care for a beast?

33





Chapter Four


Gwendolyn swung open the frosted-glass shower door and

stepped free of the steamy cubicle. The steady drum of the water had

loosened her muscles and eased the faint aches left over from her bout

of illness. She sighed, whipped a towel from the rack, and rubbed it

over her damp skin. For the first time in days, she felt human.

Good thing too.

Her reprieve was over.

Tuesday and Wednesday had passed in a hazy blur of naps, medi-

cine, and more naps. Xavier had been as solicitous as he’d been since

she’d woken Monday, but she’d caught the heat in his eyes when he

looked at her. Nothing in his actions or tone had hinted at his arousal.

No, he’d been the perfect Florence Nightingale. But she’d noticed the

slight narrowing of his emerald gaze as he watched her.

Now it was Thursday evening, and her nerves were dancing the

Electric Slide in her stomach. If Xavier had attempted to keep his an-

ticipation under wraps the day before, he had abandoned the pretense

34

Naima Simone

today. Arousal had been stamped on his features, had thickened his

voice, and set his gaze on fire. Not to mention the hard ridge of his

cock a hazmat suit couldn’t hide.

Gwendolyn would be a hypocrite if she denied the hunger she

read in his eyes didn’t excite her. God, it did. With a capital, bold, font

size seventy-two E. She just wished the circumstances were different.

That he hadn’t used her love for the community center and his wealth

against her. That he didn’t want her because he believed no other

woman would have him. Out of all the wishes, the last one stung the

most. No, she didn’t possess the beauty, status, or silver spoon that

his ex-fiancée and the women of his acquaintance did, but Gwendolyn

wasn’t a damn booby prize.

Now if her pussy would just get on the same page as her pride.

Her sex swelled and dripped like a faucet when within inches of

him. Hell, if she envisioned him—the hard body; sensual, unsmiling

mouth; hooded green eyes; beautiful face, and tragic scar—her pulse

slammed into overdrive, and blood pounded through her veins and

pooled in her clit, engorging the tiny muscle to the point of madness.

He was a fever no aspirin could clear up.

A shiver scuttled over her skin as she drew her panties, pajama

bottoms, and tank top on. After folding the towel, hanging it back on

the rod, and tidying the bathroom, Gwendolyn grasped the doorknob

and twisted it. The hour had to be almost nine, she mused, pulling the

door open. Maybe he’d changed his—

Oh. My. God.

Shock immobilized her. Barely inside the bedroom, she stood like

a marble statue with one foot over the threshold, a hand still clutching

the doorknob. Every fiber of her being was claimed by the silent man

sprawled in the wingback chair across the room.

The air rushed back into her lungs with a painful whoosh, as if her

body had fallen asleep, and blood flooded her veins with needles of

awareness, trepidation…and excitement.

She couldn’t tear her gaze away from him. A black V-neck sweat-

er molded to wide shoulders and a broad chest. Dark pants encased

his long legs, and Gwendolyn’s breath hitched in her throat at the

contained power that seemed to emanate from his still form. He re-

sembled a panther. Sleek. Sensual. Elegant. And with his thick, golden

brown hair drawn back to his nape and the scar visible—dangerous.

“What are you doing here?” Outrage. Outrage would have been

more effective than the mortifying breathlessness.

35

Loving the Beast

“You’re my houseguest,” he said in the tone that stroked over her

like a luxurious fur over naked skin. Rich. Soft. Sensual. “I came to

check on you. How are you feeling?”

“Fine. Fever-free.” She bared her teeth in a smile that felt more

like a grimace. His purpose here tonight didn’t escape her. If Xavier’s

single intention was to check on her health, he would’ve knocked and

turned on the light. No, she thought, staring across the room; tonight

she fulfilled her end of the bargain.

“Good. I brought you a gift.” He nodded toward the bed, and fol-

lowing the direction he indicated, Gwendolyn spotted the small pink

box on top of the light blue quilt. “Open it,” he commanded, voice

soft, but it brooked no argument.

The demand pricked her irritation, but she moved from the door-

way and edged closer to the bed. She stared at the box as if it were one

of Australia’s deadly dozen. The small pastel package was embossed

with the name of a popular lingerie boutique. Her stomach plummet-

ed even as her pussy heated. Her fingers fisted at her sides.

“Open it, Gwendolyn.”

She jerked her gaze to him and just as quickly glanced away from

the bold, intent scrutiny that ratcheted up the flame of arousal to a

conflagration. She shivered, feeling like prey of the big cat he remind-

ed her of. Gwendolyn felt stalked, hunted. And God, she wanted to

be taken down.

Her hand trembled as she reached for the gift. It required little fuss

to unwrap the present: just a tug on the ribbon, and remove the top.

Inside, atop white tissue paper, rested pale blue lace. Wary, she lifted

the delicate material, and it transformed into a tiny bra that wouldn’t

be able to support a feather much less her breasts and a pair of min-

iscule panties that— Oh hell, no! Her back stiffened, and heat blasted

her face in horror. She couldn’t see her cheeks, but she harbored no

doubt she’d just debunked the myth that black people didn’t blush.

She’d been ready for this evening, had assumed yesterday morn-

ing, when the doctor had declared her on the mend, that tonight

would most likely be the commencement of her week as Xavier’s lov-

er. As she’d never been a man’s paramour before, she hadn’t known

what to expect. Darkness. Quick shedding of clothes. Sex under the

covers. The dark part had been right on target, but this… Again she

dropped her gaze to the flimsy material. Did he expect her to parade

around for him, place herself on display? The hell she would.

36

Naima Simone

“You must be kidding me,” she blurted. “I can’t.” But the raised

eyebrow assured her he wasn’t and she would.

The crotchless underwear dangled from her finger as if mocking

her. The bra she could deal with; it would barely conceal her nipples,

but at least it covered her. But the panties…

“I’m won’t put these on,” she declared and silently congratulat-

ed herself when the announcement didn’t sound like the hysterical

shriek that reverberated in her head.

“Oh, but you will, Gwendolyn.” Xavier contradicted her with a

nod of his head. “You seem to possess an affinity for those words—

no, can’t, won’t. And I seem to keep reminding you that the time for

choices and objections presented itself a week ago.” He tsk-tsked. “I

think you’ve forgotten the details of our arrangement. As soon as you

decided to come to me, you agreed to submit your will to mine. You’re

here for my pleasure. And it will please me to see you in my gift.” His

voice deepened, taking on a carnal quality that matched the hooded

green gaze. “Now put them on.”

Anger swelled and wiped out her embarrassment. So the asshole

had returned, and the man who had cared for her the past five days

had retreated behind whatever prison Xavier had confined him in.

Helplessness fed the rage—helplessness because he was right. Once

she’d arrived on his doorstep, she’d surrendered the right to object to

his plans.

She crumpled the flimsy material in her fists. Fine. She’d entered

this devil’s bargain with her eyes wide open. It wasn’t enough that

she’d had to crawl to him and prostitute herself. Now he had to hu-

miliate her too. Well, fuck him. She’d put on the bra and bits of lace he

called panties. But she’d be damned if she’d cower in front of him. She

whirled on her heel and stalked toward the bathroom door.

“Where are you going?”

The question halted her midstep. She flicked a glance at him and

hoped he read the contempt that burned in her chest.

“To the bathroom to put on your… gift.” She spit the word as if

“gift” were synonymous with “shit.”

“No.” He shook his head. “You’ll dress out here. In front of me.”

“Fine,” she gritted out through clenched teeth. Had she expected

tenderness? Compassion? Seduction? In the secret depths of her heart,

she’d hoped he would treat her as a lover and not as a body to dress,

position how he wanted, and screw. Lovers. She curled her lip as she

scoffed at herself. That term denoted intimacy. They would fuck; that

37

Loving the Beast

was part of their bargain. Fucking and intimacy were two different

animals. One involved surrendering her body. The other, her heart.

Maybe he noticed the clenching of her jaw or the tension in her

body that threatened to snap her in two, for a small half smile curved

his lips.

“That sounded nice, Gwendolyn, even if you didn’t mean it.” He

tilted his head to the side, and the tiny smile continued to play about

his mouth. “Don’t worry, though. By the time you leave here, no part

of your body will remain a secret. Every inch of you will be touched,

kissed, sucked”—he lowered his lashes until only the barest hint of

green remained visible under the thick fan—”and fucked by me.”

Oh Jesus. Liquid fire gathered in her pussy, drenching the swollen

lips. Her clit beat in time with her galloping pulse. No. No way could

she be furious and so damn turned on at the same time.

“You’re being crude on purpose.”

“What?” he asked with a lift of his brow. “Fucking is crude? Did

none of your lovers wax poetic to you?”

“No,” Gwendolyn snapped, and realizing she fought dirty, she

flung the next words at him anyway. “Josh didn’t need to.”

Gwendolyn wouldn’t have been surprised to see puffs of air cloud

in front of her face. The temperature in the room seemed to drop ten

degrees with the stony, frigid silence that fell. Xavier didn’t move a

muscle, yet she sensed the cold fury that lay beneath his deceptively

indolent facade. She drew in a tremulous breath. Yeah, that was the

thing about fighting dirty—you sometimes ended up grimy.

“Don’t bring him into this bedroom again,” he warned, and she

shivered. “If you insist on dragging my sainted brother between us,

then I’ll enjoy reminding you who it is fucking you. Now,” he mur-

mured, propping his elbows on the arms of the chair and steepling his

fingers under his chin, “you might want to quit stalling. I’m growing

bored. And if I walk out of here, I’m not coming back.”

Bored? Yeah, right. Even the dim lighting couldn’t conceal the

long length of his cock pressed against his pants leg like an iron rod.

Common sense prevailed, and she abstained from hurling that lie in

his face. She just had to get through this night. When it came down

to it, she’d accepted the terms of his bargain. Now it was put up, or

shut up.

Gwendolyn retraced her steps to the bed and cast the lingerie on

top of the blanket. With economical, quick movements, she tugged the

38

Naima Simone

tank over her head and dropped it to the floor. Fury kept the embar-

rassment of standing bare-chested before him at bay.

“Slow, Gwendolyn. Go slower.”

And that fast, her anger evaporated under the heat of lust. His

lust. Her lust. Or maybe the arousal-thickened voice that had issued

the command inflamed her so the hunger no longer belonged to solely

him or her, but to them both.

She hooked her thumbs in the waistband of the cotton bottoms

and eased them over her hips and down her legs. His harsh intake

of breath as she stepped from the puddle of material shot a lance of

desire to her clit and flooded her pussy with more creamy warmth.

“Keep going, baby,” he whispered. Xavier’s rapt attention didn’t

waver as she repeated the process with her panties. When she straight-

ened from sliding the soft cotton down her legs, he lowered his arms

and tugged his belt loose. Captivated, Gwendolyn couldn’t tear her

gaze away as he lowered the zipper, reached inside his pants, and

freed his cock.

Oh God.

He was beautiful.

And terrifying.

As she watched, he encircled the base of the thick stalk and

stroked up…and up. The motion required the use of his arm, not just

his wrist, and as he closed his fist around the fat head, she swallowed

a whimper. It seemed impossible that she could take the intimidating

length in her pussy, but damn, she wanted to try. Even the bulbous

head would stretch her wide.

Breathing deep, she reached for the bra. The small bit of blue lace

fastened in the front, and the scalloped edges concealed her nipples,

but the dark areolas remained visible. She should have been morti-

fied. But the lust-filled grimace every time he stroked up his flesh

destroyed any vestiges of embarrassment. Even when she lifted the

crotchless underwear from the bed and slid them up her thighs and

hips, she experienced no shame. Especially when his eyes narrowed

on her exposed pussy.

“Come here, Gwendolyn,” he beckoned, and the sensual note

drew her forward as if he were the last slice of chocolate cake at a

Weight Watchers meeting. Tempting. Sinful. And dangerous. Except

cake would be a threat to her hips, and he endangered her spirit, her

pride—her heart.

39

Loving the Beast

She paused between his spread thighs, and Xavier released his

cock to grip her hips. While she’d stood across the room, he hadn’t

been able to discern the heavy juice that coated her swollen lips and

upper thighs. Yet as he urged her to his lap and she straddled his

thighs, the sexy lingerie hid nothing, and he couldn’t miss the evi-

dence of her desire.

His bright stare rose to meet hers. An emotion flared in his eyes,

there and gone before she could identify it. He lowered his lashes, and

the weight of his study seemed like a physical touch.

“You’re soaked.” Fire that had nothing to do with arousal scorched

her face. Gwendolyn dipped her chin, and the muscles in her thighs

quivered as she shifted to conceal her bared sex. “No,” he admon-

ished, his hard grip stilling her restless movement. “Don’t ever hide

your desire from me. I need to see it.”

Before she could reply, Xavier dragged her forward until her

pussy pressed against the base of his cock. She bit her bottom lip, but

couldn’t hold back the whimper or the shiver that shook her body as

her lips parted under the pressure of the slow, erotic ride up his steel

shaft. She dug her fingernails into the tense muscles of his upper arms.

“Oh God.” The whimper became a soft cry as her clit bumped the

hood of his cockhead, and small shocks of pleasure attacked the en-

gorged button. Her pussy spasmed, and she couldn’t control the tight

swivel of her hips. Xavier grunted beneath her and dug his fingers

deeper into her hips. The sound—so sexual and animalistic—caused

moisture to spill from her slit, and she hungered to hear the carnal

noise again. Gwendolyn repeated the motion. And was immediately

rewarded.

With a growl, Xavier wrenched control from her and rolled her

back down his cock. Then retraced the sensuous path. It should have

embarrassed her, the slick path her pussy passed over his flesh. He

hadn’t touched her, hadn’t been inside her, and yet she creamed as if

she’d experienced multiple orgasms. Gwendolyn had never known

she was capable of feeling so much pleasure—of becoming this sen-

sual creature that didn’t care if her juices coated his cock like a thick

layer of icing. But no man—not even Joshua—had ever made her want

with a fierceness that rivaled that of a category ten hurricane.

“Shit, Gwen,” he grated. He dropped his gaze and studied the

sight of her swollen pussy lips parted over his glistening shaft. He

released one hip and dipped his hand between her legs. She gasped

as he swiped the clinging moisture from her folds with one finger

40

Naima Simone

and lifted it to his mouth. Lips that promised all kinds of carnal acts

parted, and Xavier sucked the gleaming wetness off.

Was the moan that echoed in the room his or hers? Gwendolyn

couldn’t decipher who had emitted the needy sound. Maybe they

both had. Watching the man tongue her taste from his finger could

give her eye-gasms. Her pussy quivered in sympathy.

“Sweet.” The word rumbled from his chest; his eyes gleamed in

the semidarkness. “I’ve never tasted anything sweeter.”

Xavier lowered his hand again, gathered more of her essence, and

slowly, with a gentle, tender touch that carried a different but no less

overwhelming eroticism, he painted her lips. The earthy scent drifted

to her nose, and Gwendolyn yielded to the instinctual urge to touch

the tip of her tongue to her damp lips. Desire had a flavor. Rich. Tangy.

“It’s addictive,” Xavier growled. With a sudden movement that

caught her off guard, he cupped the base of her skull in his large palm

and hauled her forward. Her hands flattened against his chest and

held her upright. His tongue captured her tiny surprised gasp as he

licked the cream from her lips.

Oh damn.

She couldn’t label the caress a kiss, but it jolted straight through

her. She felt the wet stroke on her breasts, abdomen, and pussy. Her

first taste of him. Wild. Fresh like the air after a spring rain and yet

dark like a heavy sky right before the storm. More. Please, God, she

wanted more.

“There won’t be any ghosts in that bed tonight, Gwen. Not when

your pussy is flowing like a fucking river. For me.”

It had always been him. No one else.

She closed her eyes and released a tremulous breath.

She waited for the familiar shame to consume her, and it didn’t

disappoint. So much time wasted, so many lives affected. And all due

to her fear, insecurities…wounds.

Joshua had been her best friend, boyfriend, then finally, fiancé

and lover. She’d never doubted that she’d been first in his heart, in

his love. As she’d never been with her mother. It had given her the

security, the sense of worth that had been missing from the time she’d

been old enough to understand how Renee had begrudged her every

breath. Even when she’d recognized her love and desire for Xavier,

the power of it made her cling tighter to Joshua. Xavier scared her; or

rather, her feelings for him terrified her.

41

Loving the Beast

The burden of loving one brother and lying to the other weighed

on her until she could no longer look at herself in the mirror—or bear

to meet Joshua’s gaze. She’d convinced herself the fascination with

Xavier would fade, that what she had with Joshua was stable, lasting.

But by the night of their wedding rehearsal dinner, she could no lon-

ger lie to herself or to him. Gwendolyn had waited until their guests

had left his parents’ home and had broken their engagement.

He’d seen through the flimsy excuse she’d given, and she’d real-

ized then that Joshua had suspected her true feelings for his older

brother. He exploded, but before Gwendolyn could respond, Joshua

stormed out. Hours later, Xavier had arrived at her door to deliver the

news of his death. Joshua had wrapped his car around a telephone

pole, and she had fallen apart in Xavier’s arms, knowing it had been

her fault.

Her love for one brother had killed the other.

42





Chapter Five


“Look at me, Gwen,” Xavier ordered and gave her head a small

shake. He needed to see her eyes, to gaze into them and know that his

disfigurement didn’t keep her from burning for him. The eyes and

slick cream on his dick couldn’t lie. Time seemed to slow as she com-

plied with his demand. She lifted her lashes, and he detected the bleak

shadows in the brown depths. But hunger smoldered there too. He

ignored the sadness and concentrated on the desire. Not addressing

the emotion made him a bastard, but if she admitted memories of his

brother caused it, he would go apeshit.

Inside he cringed at the selfish thought, ashamed, but not enough

to let her go. Not enough to give her space and time to reconcile her

feelings for the man she’d been on the verge of marrying. Joshua had

been the love of her life—Xavier didn’t even entertain the possibility

of replacing him in her heart. He couldn’t. Especially not now with his

disfigured face, scarred body, and damaged psyche. But Joshua was

43

Loving the Beast

dead. He was alive, and he needed Gwendolyn in a way his brother

never had.

“Kiss me.” The demand sounded more like a plea. Her steady

scrutiny unsettled him, and the urge to turn his head and avoid her

intent examination rode him hard, but he didn’t succumb. And God,

did he want to elude the scalpel-like precision of her stare that seemed

to peer beneath skin and bone to the bitterness, rage—and grief—be-

neath. To the dark places he wasn’t prepared for her to see. “Kiss me,

dammit,” he growled. He tangled his fingers in the soft, light brown

curls and tightened his grip, intending to compel her obedience.

Then she leaned forward. And brushed her lips across his jaw.

His chin.

His lips.

For a shocked moment, he remained unresponsive. Again the

soft touch of her kiss grazed his numb mouth. Such gentleness. Like a

comforting hand in the dark. A tender whisper in the middle of howl-

ing winds. The grip in her hair slackened; his lips grew pliant under

hers. And her taste—the decadent juice from her pussy—exploded

onto his palate.

With a groan that originated from that ravenous pit in his soul

that could never be satisfied, he lunged forward and devoured her

mouth. Plundered. Took. And, God help him, he hoped he gave. But

the need rode him hard and furious, and he couldn’t tell.

Xavier clutched her ass and shot up from the chair. Gwendolyn

encircled his neck with her arms and wrapped her legs around his

waist. At some point in the stumbling trek across the room toward the

bed, he realized her tongue dueled with his, her teeth nipped at his

lips. Her bare, hot pussy ground against his cock. Fuck, if she was this

wet now, how would she feel once he penetrated and filled her? His

dick flexed at the thought. Like being squeezed by a stingy fist and

bathed in liquid fire at the same time.

His knees hit the edge of the mattress, and as he pitched forward,

he shifted his hands to her back to break their fall. They tumbled to

the bed, bounced once, and then settled. Still he couldn’t stop kiss-

ing her. He’d whispered “addictive” to her earlier. Drugs and alcohol

combined had nothing on her. No rehab existed that could purge him

of this craving for her.

“Xavier,” she gasped.

Her chest heaved beneath him, and the full breasts threatened to

spill free of the thin lace covering them. He levered back far enough

44

Naima Simone

to cup the firm flesh, freeing her of the insubstantial material. A sharp

cry burst from her throat as he molded the mounds to his palms and

dragged his thumbs across their tight, hard nipples. Like buttered

cream topped with the sweetest, darkest berries. No country club or

exclusive dining room he’d ever patronized could have offered a more

exquisite treat.

He lowered his head, captured a pebbled tip with his lips, and

sucked it deep. Her scream came seconds before the sting of her nails

bit into his scalp. Both were just as satisfying as the taut flesh he flicked

with his tongue.

“Xavier, please,” she pleaded, hips writhing.

He drew back and released the nipple with a soft, wet pop.

“Please what, baby?” he murmured. Unable to not touch her for

any length of time, he rubbed his lips over the moist peak. Nudged it

with the pointed tip of his tongue. “Talk to me, Gwen. Please what?”

“Suck me harder,” she panted, fingers clutching his hair and

tugging the strands from the band at his nape. He stiffened. Unease

seized him and squeezed its icy fist around his heart. For a moment,

discomfort supplanted passion.

“Xavier? What’s wrong?” He jerked his eyes to her face. A small

frown furrowed her brow. What could he say, he wondered, and

dropped his gaze to the center of her chest. I need you to look at my

face so I can catch the first sign of disgust? Evelyn had preferred his

hair loose the few times they’d had sex after the accident. With the

thick strands unbound, the scar had been hidden. Xavier had allowed

the pretense, so desperate to believe at least one thing remained con-

stant in a world that had morphed into a cold, strange place in the

span of one tragic night.

After he’d discovered Evelyn’s affair and she’d left, blaming his

disfigured face for the end of their relationship, Xavier had refused to

allow himself the luxury of deliberate ignorance. With his hair drawn

back, no one could pretend the scar didn’t exist—and he couldn’t pre-

tend to not see their horror.

“Xavier.” She called his name again and released his head.

If possible, he stiffened further as her fingers neared his ruined

cheek. In a flash of movement, Xavier grasped both her wrists and

pinned them to the bed on either side of her shoulders. Her sharp

intake of breath ended on a strangled moan as he latched on to the

nipple he hadn’t yet feasted on, then sucked it hard and deep as she’d

requested.

45

Loving the Beast

He became lost in her again, forgetting everything but the flesh

in his mouth. Gwendolyn squirmed beneath him, her concern disap-

pearing under his lashing tongue. The muscles in her arms tensed as

she strained to free herself from his hold, but he held fast. And tor-

tured both himself and her.

He turned from one breast to the other, tracing wide circles

around her areolas before dragging his flattened tongue over the taut

tips. Her cries spurred him on, encouraged him to score her beaded

flesh with his teeth, to draw on the peaks so strongly, Gwendolyn dug

her heels into the backs of his thighs and levered her hips from the

mattress to stroke his cock with her pussy.

Fuck. That pussy.

The only thing that could tear him away from the fantasy of her

breasts was the dream of savoring the sweet sex he’d only had the

chance to palm. He slid down her body, drawing her bound arms

down beside her hips. Gwendolyn’s restless motions didn’t deter

him from planting damp kisses to her narrow rib cage, flat stomach,

and navel. The intoxicating musk of her pussy drifted to him, and he

rubbed his cheek over the smooth, soft skin of her abdomen.

It didn’t escape him that, aside from the doctors who had sewn

his face back together, this small caress to the raised scar was the first

in three years. He indulged in one last pass over her skin before he

lowered his head to the soaked triangle of curls between her legs.

Xavier nuzzled the top of the dark nest.

Gwendolyn stilled as if in anticipation of his next touch. He didn’t

leave her in suspense.

At the first stroke of his tongue through her swollen pussy lips, a

cry exploded from her throat, and her hips bucked so hard, she dis-

lodged him. With a growl, Xavier released her wrists and tugged her

hands down toward her sex.

“Hold your pretty pussy open for me, Gwen,” he directed, mov-

ing her fingers until she spread herself wide for his gaze and tongue.

His mouth watered for a taste of the dark pink, glistening flesh and

the hooded, engorged clitoris. “Don’t let go.” He wedged his shoul-

ders under her spread thighs, then cupped and lifted her ass so the

splayed folds were like an offering to his mouth.

And he gorged on her.

Skill and technique vaulted out the window as he delved in the

dewy cleft. Cream filled his mouth, and he swallowed as if she were

the sweetest delicacy. He lapped and stroked, thrust and flicked with

46

Naima Simone

his tongue. He couldn’t get enough. When he slid two fingers inside

her pussy, the feminine muscles clamped them like a vise. His cock

jerked in response, as if begging for the same sensations his fingers

received. Damn. He panted, pressing a pursed kiss to her clit.

Gwendolyn twisted uncontrollably, and her broken sobs punctu-

ated the room.

“Xavier.” She released her pussy lips and reached for his head,

but Xavier jerked back before she could touch him. Both hands

dropped to his shoulders. He spied the confusion and flash of hurt

that shadowed her eyes. Regret, sharp and hot, spliced through his

chest. Arousal and passion should be the only emotions here in this

room, not pain. He snagged a wrist, captured and suckled her fingers,

and sipped the hints of pussy juice from the fingertips. As he coiled

his tongue and savored, he plied steady, short thrusts to her slit, drag-

ging more cream from the snug channel with each withdrawal. The

sounds of her choppy breaths and the suck and release of her wet

flesh filled his ears.

“Mmm,” he hummed, pulling her fingers free of his mouth. “Can

you do something for me, baby?” He waited for her nod. “Touch

yourself. Play with your clit.”

“I-I can’t,” she stammered, eyes widening.

Xavier nodded. “Yes, you can.” The cadence of his strokes slowed

until they stilled. “Show me how you make yourself come in the dark-

est part of night. Show me how Gwen the woman likes to be touched

when Gwen the community center director disappears.” He bent his

head and nuzzled her curls, inhaled her scent and trapped the tangy

aroma in his lungs. “I want to learn what pleases you.”

She lowered her long lashes at his words, and the dark fringe hid

her gaze.

“Look at me, baby,” he murmured. When she complied, he placed

a kiss to her fingertips and lowered them between her legs. “It’s just

you and me. No one else. Anything goes in this bed. No shame. No

embarrassment.”

For a heartbeat of silence, she stared at him. Then she slid a hes-

itant caress over the swollen button. Then another. And one more.

This time when her eyes closed, he didn’t demand she reopen them.

Pleasure tightened her delicate features, painted a lovely flush on her

cheekbones.

47

Loving the Beast

“That’s it, baby,” he praised, breathing harsh. “Good girl.” Xavi-

er shuddered, and his ass tightened as he dry-humped the mattress,

seeking a bit of relief for his throbbing cock. “Good girl,” he rasped.

She circled the hard nub, the motions no longer tentative. She

dipped her fingers between her swollen lips, gathered juice, and

smeared it over her clit, then rubbed in earnest. Her hips followed the

pace set by her touch, and her other hand abandoned his shoulder to

pluck at her taut nipple. Labored puffs of air escaped her parted lips,

and Xavier couldn’t believe how sensual—beautiful—she appeared.

“My turn,” he whispered and picked up her erotic rhythm, finger-

fucking her pussy with long, slow plunges. They worked in tandem,

pushing her pleasure higher. With one hand plying her sex, Xavier

lifted the other to her neglected breast and pinched the tight peak.

Once more her cries broke over him as her pleasure-tortured body

twisted and rolled.

“Oh God,” she screamed, face contorted into a mask of lust and

need. “Finish me. Oh God, finish me.”

With a low, raw moan, Xavier deserted her breast to grip her hip.

He lowered his head over her fingers, nudged them aside, and closed

his lips over her clit. And sucked hard.

She came apart.

Spasms quaked through her body. Her pussy clamped down,

imprisoning him in the tight channel even as she bathed him in hot

cream. Sharp nails bit into his scalp, and he didn’t bother to evade

them. Even as she undulated beneath him, he continued to draw on

her flesh and lap at her drenched lips. Her sobs gradually quieted to

whimpers and then pants. At length, she loosened her clasp on his

head, and her arms slumped to her sides.

Yet he couldn’t relinquish sipping her one last time.

“Enough, please,” she pleaded on the tail end of a moan and made

a half-hearted attempt to push his head away from her pussy.

He chuckled and lifted his head to give her a small smile. “Not

fucking likely.”

Having her juice coat his lips and her pussy quiver around his

fingers had inflamed the hunger that had already burned out of con-

trol. If he didn’t get his cock inside her… Hell, he needed to get his

cock inside her. He jackknifed off the bed and strode to the bedside

table and lamp. With a twist of his wrist, the room was plunged into

darkness, alleviated only by the small amount of moonlight peeking

through the gaps in the drawn drapes.

48

Naima Simone

“Xavier?”

He ignored the question and surprise in her voice and whipped

his sweater over his head. Once she touched him, she would figure

out why he’d doused the light. After removing a small foil packet

from his front pocket, his pants and underwear followed in short suc-

cession. Naked, he straightened, and his eyes had adjusted enough to

the dark to take her in like a thirsty man staring at an ice-old bottle of

water. Her sex, a shade darker than the shadows, drew his ravenous

gaze. He’d just drunk from the intoxicating flesh between her thighs,

and he longed for more. A sliver of unease pierced his thoughts as he

questioned if Gwendolyn was a craving he would ever quench.

Xavier approached the bed, climbed onto it, and came to a crouch

on his hands and knees over her. Arousal consumed him, and he

spared only a brief thought to the scars marring his chest and stom-

ach. Her taste filling his mouth left no room for humiliation about

his scars. She stared up at him, her features loosened with pleasure—

pleasure he’d placed there. Did Gwendolyn know what she’d given

him tonight?

He gave a mental shake of his head. How could she? How could

she know that by submitting her pleasure to him so generously—so

sweetly—she’d healed a part of his heart, his spirit? Until she’d come

in his mouth and on his hand, he hadn’t admitted to himself how

much damage his ex-fiancée’s rejection had caused.

Compounding that with the wide berth most women cleaved

around him, he’d doubted a woman could want him again. If anyone

would see past his face and allow him close enough to show them the

man who still existed beneath the scarred visage. And now, as she

looked up at him in satiation instead of the horror he’d become ac-

customed to, a piece of his soul returned to him—battered, but strong

and whole.

He lowered his head and brushed his lips over hers. Once. Twice.

She circled his neck with her arms and drew him closer. Though

blood raged through his cock, making it pound with insistence to be

buried deep inside her tight sex, the kiss was soft, tender. Almost…

loving. Her tongue tangled with his, sucked and caressed. Each moan

and breathless sigh stroked his senses and shored up another crack in

his heart.

“I need…” He trailed off, stemming the words that would reveal

too much. “I need to be inside you, Gwen. Let me in.”

She nodded and pressed a kiss to the corner of his mouth. “Yes.”

49

Loving the Beast

Such a simple word, yet it rocked his world. Leaning all of his

weight on one hand, he opened the other and offered the condom to

her. “Put it on, baby.”

With another nod, she ripped the package open and slid the latex

free. Xavier fixed his gaze on her slim fingers as she neared his erec-

tion. He growled with pleasure as her touch grazed the stretched skin.

She gripped the wide stalk and rolled the condom down his length.

As she released his cock, she sank her teeth into her bottom lip.

“How long has it been?”

She flicked her eyes up to him, and her tongue peeked out to wet

her lips.

“Four years.”

Four years. Shit. That would mean she’d been celibate since Josh-

ua’s death. No. His brother had been dead for three years. So that

meant… Surprise shot through him, followed by curiosity. But with

his dick throbbing like an open wound, answers to his questions could

wait. Fuck first. Answers second.

Shit. She’d reduced him to a caveman.

He inhaled a deep breath, then released it through his nose.

Right now he needed patience that had expired about the time she’d

stripped out of her clothes. Somehow he had to find it, because getting

inside her small pussy would require every ounce of it.

“Baby, you’re very tight,” he warned. “We’ll go slow and easy.”

He rose and settled back on his heels. Heart speeding like a run-

away train, he arrowed his cock toward her drenched slit. He palmed

her slim thighs, then pressed them back and up. The head parted the

swollen lips and penetrated her pussy. Wet heat sizzled on his skin,

and he hissed at the sensation. The sound almost covered her sharp

intake of breath, but Xavier caught it.

Gwendolyn stared down her body to the point where they con-

nected. Tension lined her face, and her fists twisted the bedcovers.

Her pussy felt like a tight rubber band squeezing the cockhead, so he

could imagine how his dick felt to her. He splayed his fingers wide on

the inside of her thighs. Gently he smoothed his thumbs up and down

the dark lips. God, how pretty they looked surrounding his cock. It

conjured images of her mouth parted, sucking him in.

“Relax for me, baby,” he coaxed and didn’t try to contain the lust

racing through him and thickening his voice. He pressed into the

fleshy, damp lips and gently massaged. “Your pussy feels so good,”

50

Naima Simone

he murmured. “I want to sink into you, fuck you so hard and deep

that my cock leaves an imprint.”

Inch by inch, thrust by thrust, he settled his cock into her sex. He

whispered praises each time her core stretched and accepted more of

him, took him deeper. By the time he was fully seated inside her, sweat

poured off them both. Xavier clenched his teeth against the burning

pleasure. Her pussy seemed like shrink-wrap around his cock, it felt

so snug…so damn right.

Gwendolyn writhed beneath him, her head bearing down on the

pillow hard enough to cause an indentation around it. Back arched,

hips rolling, she epitomized lust, arousal, need. The tiny muscles in her

sex spasmed around his flesh, goading him to move. To fuck. Lean-

ing forward, Xavier planted a palm next to her head and clamped the

back of one thigh, then shoved it back and high. It opened her pussy

another impossible increment, and his cock took immediate advan-

tage, burrowing deeper.

“Talk to me, Gwen.” He closed his eyes, locking his jaw. Fuck.

Root to tip, she swallowed him. His balls pressed against the stretched

opening, and the pressure to the sac elicited a grunt of pleasure. When

he lifted his lashes, he met her fevered gaze. “C’mon, baby. Are you

okay?”

“Yes.” She clutched his arms in a desperate grip. “God, yes. Please

move.”

With a hungry rumble, he withdrew and surged into her hot

sheath. Over and over he buried his cock in her pussy, riding it like a

man possessed—or obsessed. Gwendolyn met him thrust for thrust,

stroke for stroke. Long legs wrapped around his waist and held him

in their tight embrace.

Enfolded in her arms and legs, both his palms placed next to her

head, Xavier succumbed to the animalistic lust tearing a hole in his

gut and rushing up his cock. The headboard bounced against the wall,

the clatter matching the tempo of each plunge. He reached between

their bodies and brushed a caress over her clit before circling the en-

gorged nub with hard, tight motions.

Gwendolyn stiffened, gasped, then let out a broken cry as she

shuddered in orgasm. Her pussy seized his cock seconds before con-

vulsing in rhythmic quivers. The steady ripple of her muscles around

his dick, the scrape of hard nipples against his chest, and her scream

of release echoing in his ears shoved him over the edge of oblivion. He

51

Loving the Beast

plummeted into the fiery abyss like a phoenix, reborn in the flames of

consuming passion.

The ecstasy seemed to last forever but end too soon. Before he was

ready to return to sanity, he descended back to the bed, to the dim

room. To…peace. He opened eyes he didn’t remember shutting. This

woman, who’d given her flesh and passion so willingly, had gifted

him with pleasure and precious forgetfulness. A soft sigh escaped

his lips, and as Gwendolyn’s eyes closed and she drifted to sleep, he

placed a gentle kiss on her forehead.

In this moment, he was just a man with his woman.

He pressed his face in the haven between her throat and shoulder.

He felt…normal.

52





Chapter Six


“Good morning.”

Xavier turned at the sound of her greeting. Sunlight poured into

the huge picture window of the breakfast room and bathed him in its

glow like a halo. Gwendolyn almost snorted at the absurd thought.

No angelic being contained the carnal knowledge Xavier had exhib-

ited last night.

Oh damn.

Heat streamed up her neck and rushed to her face. Hell. There

was no way the intent stare Xavier fixed on her could miss that fiery

telltale sign indicating where her thoughts had detoured. And now

that they had, she couldn’t dam up the flood of memories. Her pussy

softened, and a dull ache took up residence at his remembered posses-

sion. Oh God, how he’d possessed her. He’d taken control of her body

until she hadn’t recognized the person she’d become—one focused

solely on pleasure and the man giving it to her.

53

Loving the Beast

In her mind, she could envision how she’d twisted under him,

begged and cried out for him. A shiver raced over her skin and tingled

in her clit. She’d come for him twice—once on his hands and in his

mouth, and then on his cock. She blew out a slow, measured breath

even as her heart pounded.

Given his reputation, Gwendolyn hadn’t been shocked by his

knowledge of a woman’s body. The man wore sexuality like most

men a suit or jacket. No, that wasn’t accurate. His sensuality couldn’t

be removed as easily as a shirt and tie. It was innate, as much a part

of him as his green eyes. So his skill hadn’t been a surprise. But the

tenderness, the unselfishness, and the patience had been. The terms of

their bargain dictated that she spend seven days at his mercy, for his

gratification. Yet he’d placed her pleasure first time and time again.

She stared at his beautiful features, and warmth surged to her

chest. The thick honey-brown hair drawn into its customary tail only

served to enhance the patrician bone structure, the jeweled eyes, and

carnal curve of his mouth. The reason behind her presence in his home

sucked, but maybe, just maybe, they could part friends. Friends, her

mind scoffed. As if that’s all you want from him. A woman didn’t

stop having sex with her fiancé because of friendship. Her stomach

clenched, and she cringed inside over her inadvertent admission the

night before. Under ordinary circumstances, when not dazed from a

mind-blowing orgasm, she wouldn’t have confessed the truth. It in-

vited questions—questions she’d rather not answer.

In a world where pumpkins changed into horse-drawn carriages

and beasts transformed into princes, Xavier would look at her, his

gaze reflecting the love she harbored deep in her heart. But that exis-

tence was relegated to Disney films and fairy tales. In the real world,

perhaps they could part with a semblance of the friendship they’d once

shared. Last night, his passion and gentleness nurtured that hope.

“Good morning, Gwendolyn,” he murmured and slid his hands

in the front pockets of his gray slacks.

Unease tickled her stomach. Once again, she was Gwendolyn in-

stead of Gwen. Last night, during her bath, he’d called her by the nick-

name he’d used years ago. With a mental shrug, Gwendolyn shook the

sensation off. It could be he’d slipped back to formality out of habit.

She moved farther into the room. Cutlery had already been set

out, and steaming platters of food occupied the middle of the table.

As she approached the chair Xavier held out for her, she almost snick-

ered. Since she’d woken Monday, delicious meals had been prepared

54

Naima Simone

for them and the house retained the sparkling clean scent of lemon

Pledge, yet she hadn’t glimpsed a single servant. Maybe he retained

invisible servants like in Eros and Psyche.

That was it. Clash of the Titans was going to the community cen-

ter’s video library just as soon as she returned home. A week ago she’d

compared him to Odysseus, and now the star-crossed lovers. No more

Greek mythology for her.

“Thank you.” She lowered into the chair and scooted forward as

he pulled out the seat next to her at the head of the table and sank into

it with a fluid motion she envied and admired. Hell. Even the way he

sat in a chair was sexy.

The next few moments passed in silence as they selected their

breakfast from the platters. Her stomach growled at the mouth-water-

ing scents rising off the variety of sausages, bacon, pancakes, and cin-

namon rolls. Mortified, she shot a glance at Xavier. But if he heard, he

didn’t react. Instead he continued to doctor his pancakes with syrup

and ignored her complaining stomach.

The sliver of disquiet made another appearance. The aloof mask

and reserved manner wasn’t her imagination. She frowned. What had

happened between last night and this morning?

“I noticed your stables as I drove up Saturday,” she said with de-

liberate casualness, hoping to draw him into a conversation. Anything

would be better than the heavy silence. “Do you breed them, or are

they for pleasure?”

“They’re for me.”

“Your home is beautiful,” Gwendolyn continued, even though his

short answer and long stare didn’t invite chitchat. “I don’t remember

hearing you talk about this place, though.”

Xavier leaned back in his chair and observed her with the same

impassive expression. “I bought it a year ago.”

Well. Damn.

She dropped her gaze to the food that no longer appealed to her

abandoned appetite. It didn’t require awesome powers of deduction

to figure out that the accident and this home in beautiful but remote

Great Barrington were connected. A haven with only horses to keep

him company—animals that responded to kindness, not appearance.

Her heart ached for him in spite of his distant behavior, and she

lifted her head to study him. This man should be at the heart of par-

ties, surrounded by people hanging on his every word, not relegated

to the outskirts, tolerated when he couldn’t be avoided. As if he were

55

Loving the Beast

to blame for a tragedy that was beyond his control. Reviled for a mark

that displayed his strength and iron will in the face of a tragedy that

would have broken others.

“What are you thinking?”

The low, quiet voice sounded so much like the tone he’d used

with her the night before, it startled her into answering honestly.

“You’re beautiful,” she blurted and immediately saw her error

in not guarding her tongue. Xavier’s expression hardened, but not

before she caught the spasm of emotion that disappeared under the

forbidding mask. Eyes that had been cold a moment ago were now

glacial—two jagged pieces of ice that chilled her soul.

“The nature of our bargain eliminates the need for empty flattery.

Especially when we both know it’s a lie.” His voice lashed out, leav-

ing bleeding lacerations. “But if it makes you feel better to indulge in

fantasy, come sit on this side of me.” Xavier patted the table with his

right hand. “The view’s better.”

The raw bitterness and anger that seethed beneath the callous re-

mark obliterated the fragile hope she’d harbored upon entering the

breakfast room. The resentment and fury concealed behind the re-

served expression he showed the world festered in places so deep,

Gwendolyn couldn’t reach. Grief tore through her as if someone had

died. And she supposed someone had—the loving, kind, compassion-

ate man she’d known no longer existed. In its place sat this embittered

stranger, the scars he carried on his soul more devastating than the

one marring the left side of his face.

“Is this how it’s going to be between us for the next five days?”

she asked quietly. “Where we can’t even talk?”

“I thought I made it clear what you’re here for, Gwendolyn. And

it’s not talking.”

She shoved back her chair and rose to her feet. Anger—and an

overwhelming sadness—encompassed her. She’d believed Xavier had

chosen to live. That had been a facade too. Part of the face he revealed.

He existed with his rage and hostility as faithful companions, leaving

room for no one else in his life.

“That’s right,” she agreed and tilted her chin up, as if the gesture

could prevent the tears stinging her eyes from spilling. “As you take

such great pleasure in reminding me. Why don’t you leave money on

the nightstand? That would show me. Consider it a tip.” Her voice

thickened with unshed tears, and she hated herself for the sign of

56

Naima Simone

weakness. Hated him. “Or better yet, just subtract it off the top of the

money I’m spreading my legs for.”

“Stop it! ”

The harsh order didn’t penetrate the hurt—the blinding hurt and

fury that seemed to eat a hole in her heart. Stupid! God, she was so

stupid for believing one night of sex could change his feelings toward

her. Could change him.

“Stop what? I’m just repeating what you’ve been drilling into my

head since I agreed to this damn deal.”

“Gwendolyn,” he growled over the scrape of his chair as he shot

to his feet.

“Just—” Her voice broke. She whirled around and stalked toward

the door. Dammit, she refused to let him see one fucking tear fall. Not.

One. “Just go to hell.”

57





Chapter Seven


“Why don’t you leave money on the nightstand? That would show

me. Consider it a tip. Or better yet, just subtract it off the top of the

money I’m spreading my legs for.”

“You’re beautiful.”

Gwendolyn’s words from that morning echoed in his head like a

never-ending reel of audio tape. He gazed out the dining room win-

dow into the dark, his reflection like a condemning finger staring back

at him. His fists tightened at his sides. He didn’t know which state-

ment had hurt him more—her accusation that he treated her like a

whore, or the lie about his beauty. Xavier closed his eyes, and for once

it wasn’t to shut out the sight of his ruined face. No, he could no lon-

ger bear the sight of the entire man.

When had he become such a cowardly bastard?

It shamed him. He’d considered himself strong. The accident,

his father’s death, so close on the heels of his brother’s, had nearly

brought him to his knees. He almost hadn’t recovered from the blow

58

Naima Simone

of losing the man he’d admired above all others. But he had survived.

Then Evelyn had walked out.

That had almost broken him. The signs had been there—her re-

fusal to look him directly in the face, her reluctance to be seen with

him in public because of the stares. Yet he still hadn’t expected her be-

trayal, because he’d believed they were in love. Or that he’d loved her.

No, Evelyn hadn’t broken him. But she’d damn well shattered

something inside him.

When she left, she’d taken that last tenuous link to the life he’d

known before the accident. A charmed life with family, friends, and

joy—one that was irrevocably gone. And he had no clue how to deal

with the new existence fate had dealt him. His family would never be

whole again. Those he’d called friends had turned their backs on him,

and he was alone. So fucking alone.

Enter Gwendolyn.

He sucked in a breath and opened his eyes. Instead of his like-

ness, he viewed flashes of the previous night in the darkened glass.

His stomach tightened with arousal, and his cock swelled at the re-

membered feel of her pussy squeezing it. Of her skin pressed to his.

Of her arms wrapped around him, holding him close. Locked in her

embrace, the loneliness had vanished.

And it had scared the shit out of him.

When he’d curled up behind her after she’d drifted to sleep,

dreams he’d believed no longer possible had stirred in his heart. Love.

A woman who wanted him in spite of his imperfections. A family

of his own. Fear had spurred him out of the warm bed and tangled

sheets. As he’d jerked on his clothes, he shut down the faint, burgeon-

ing hope and refused to allow himself one last look at the sleeping

woman.

There were no happily-ever-afters for him.

He would be a fool to become attached to Gwendolyn when the

only reason she slumbered in his bed was due to fucking blackmail.

If not for the community center, he would be as alone tonight as he’d

been for the past year.

He and Gwendolyn had a business contract.

Nothing more.

But his determination to set their relationship back on the agreed-

upon terms didn’t excuse the hurt that had darkened her eyes that

morning—hurt he’d caused. They could make love— No, damn it, have

59

Loving the Beast

sex. They could have sex and maintain the distance needed to walk

away without hurting each other.

Hell, he snorted, turning away from the window, he should

know. Once upon a time, before Evelyn, he’d been the prince of casual

affairs. He’d expected the women he fucked not to become emotion-

ally entangled and took it for granted they would remain friends after

their time together ended.

That shoe throbbed like hell now that it was on the other foot.

He scanned the dining room and then the empty doorway. Seven

thirty, a quick inspection of his watch revealed. Gwendolyn should’ve

been downstairs for dinner thirty minutes ago. Worry suddenly seized

his chest, and the constricting binds didn’t alleviate as he strode from

the room, crossed the foyer, and loped up the stairs.

What if she’d had a relapse? Damn. He should have granted her

another day to recover before demanding sex. He frowned, rushing

down the hallway. He’d assumed her absence today had been due

to their argument at breakfast, but maybe she’d been sick. Maybe the

fever had flared up, and she’d been too angry to call for him—

Xavier grabbed the doorknob, twisted it, and swung the door to

her bedroom open. His grip on the knob prevented the wood from

smacking the wall behind it. Once he moved into the room, he ex-

amined the bed first. Finding it empty, he skimmed the rest of the

room until he located Gwendolyn—appearing the picture of perfect

health—sitting on the wide window seat, a book in her lap, and star-

ing at him as if he’d flown over the cuckoo’s nest.

Even as anger kindled in his gut and replaced the concern, his

body reacted to the sight of her. The smooth skin on her shoulders and

toned arms glowed in the soft light of the bedroom lamps. Bare feet

peeked out from under her thigh, the innocence of her position incon-

gruous with the natural sensuality she exuded like a perfumed scent.

Maybe that explained his powerful reaction to her. The animal in him

detected some unique pheromone she emanated and went wild with

a whiff of it, he concluded as he shoved the door shut. Her eyes wid-

ened at the loud crack of wood meeting wood, but he didn’t remove

his gaze from her.

“What are you doing?” Gwendolyn laid the book aside and rose

to her feet, the motion slow as if she sensed his intention to pounce.

“Why weren’t you at dinner?”

60

Naima Simone

She straightened her shoulders, her body as rigid as the stern set

of her full lips. “I didn’t see the point of going through formalities. As

you mentioned earlier, there’s no need for it.”

Anger flared bright and hot before cooling to an icy resolve. And

the bullshit he’d repeated to himself since leaving her bed last night—

that he’d just finished reciting—sounded just like that: bullshit.

If he wanted an automaton, he would’ve continued fucking es-

corts instead of his hand. Not having the same passionate, uninhib-

ited woman he’d been balls-deep in the previous evening wasn’t an

option. He wanted—needed—all of her, not just her body. He wanted

her fire, her unselfishness.

He wanted Gwen. Nothing less than all of her would do.

Since she’d come to him for help days ago, he’d demanded every-

thing from her—her body, her submission, her trust—and had offered

nothing in return.

Now it was his turn.

He fisted the front of his shirt. A pit yawned wide in his stomach,

and his heart plummeted toward it. The last woman to see what lay

under his shirt and pants had been disgusted. Fear coated his mouth,

his nostrils, so all he tasted and smelled was its acrid flavor and scent.

For a brief moment, he considered turning around and walking out.

Shame flayed him, and the stranglehold he had on his shirt tightened.

The idea of baring the map of scars that disfigured his body scared

him shitless.

But if he wanted her trust, he had to take this step.

When it came down to it, her fire, her touch, and her uninhibited

response meant more than his pride.

He inhaled. Exhaled.

And yanked the shirttails from the band of his pants.

The unyielding line of her mouth softened, her lips parted, and

as he freed the small buttons of their corresponding holes, her sharp

intake of breath reached across the room.

Damn, he loved that sound.

“What are you doing?” she demanded, the small tremble in her

voice undermining the show of bravado.

He gripped the sides of the black material and shrugged it off his

shoulders.

“Getting undressed.” He dropped the clothing to the floor. “Now

get naked.”

Good God, the man is ripped.

61

Loving the Beast

Golden skin stretched taut over lean, firm muscles that tugged

and bunched in a mouth-watering display as he shed the shirt, which

fell in a black pool of material behind him. The anger that had kept her

fired up all day melted under the heat of desire as soon as the first slice

of skin appeared. Her heart gave a hard thump and then drummed in

a fast tattoo that echoed in her ears. Blood pounded in her veins and

filled the flesh between her legs. Dew gathered on the swollen lips,

and her pussy clenched when he pulled his belt buckle free…

“What?” His order slapped her in the face like a cold wave of

water. “Wait. No.”

Xavier arched an eyebrow but didn’t stop sliding the belt from his

pants loops.

“Take your clothes off, Gwendolyn.”

“No.” She shook her head. “Not like this.”

“Like what?” he questioned, the sound of his zipper lowering a

discordant note in the quiet room.

“In anger.”

He paused, and surprise flashed across his expression.

“Anger?” he repeated and resumed toeing off his shoes. “I’m

hard, baby. Not angry.”

He shoved his pants and underwear down his hips and thighs,

then stepped free of the clothes at his feet. Xavier straightened to his

full height, striking her with the full impact of his naked body.

Last night, before removing his shirt and pants, he’d extinguished

the room’s lamp. As she’d caressed him, her fingers had skimmed

the raised edges that crisscrossed his chest, abdomen, and back. It

was then she’d understood his wish for darkness. His body had not

been left unscathed by the accident. And he’d feared her reaction. But

now—standing before her in the lit room, bare to her gaze—tears

stung her eyes.

He is beautiful.

Golden skin seemed to melt over a body that could’ve been forged

by Hephaestus himself. Toned, strong muscles that contracted and

relaxed with each movement, like an orchestra playing together in

perfect harmony. She lowered her inspection. God, the man even had

sexy feet! Her wry amusement converted to a hot rush of lust that

startled her as she lifted her gaze to the long, ponderous weight of his

cock. It hung down his thigh, the wide, flared head the size of a plum.

As if all the air had been vacuumed from the room, Gwendolyn expe-

62

Naima Simone

rienced a moment of light-headedness as she remembered last night

and wondered how in the hell he had fit all of that inside her.

But he had. He’d filled every inch of her pussy. His cock had

branded her, stamped its ownership, and she acknowledged with a

bit of fatalism that no one would fill her—touch her—as he had last

night.

Before her eyes, the thick shaft seemed to lengthen another impos-

sible increment. Her heart thudded in a dull, heavy rhythm, and she

wondered if it was anticipation, arousal, or fear that pounded through

her veins and echoed in her clit. Maybe it was all three.

“I’m still waiting, Gwendolyn.” His husky tone made the order

sound more like an invitation—an invitation to revisit the exquisite

pleasure of last night. Losing herself in passion so overwhelming,

she’d felt almost bruised by it, as if ecstasy had been the waves and

she’d been the shore they crashed upon.

Trembling, she slid the straps of her tank from her shoulders and

pushed the top down her torso, hips, and legs, taking the cotton bot-

toms with it. As she straightened, she tried to convince herself she

complied because their deal left her with no choice. That if he released

her from this devil’s bargain, she would snatch her clothes up, leave

the room and house, and never see him again. But even if she could

persuade herself that she could walk away, the cream coating her

swollen pussy lips marked her a liar.

She looked up at him, and taking in his battle-scarred beauty, con-

fessed in the most secret part of her soul that she was glad he didn’t

offer the choice to leave. Because then she would have to admit that as

much as she loved the community center and the people there, they

didn’t keep her in the bedroom. He did. Pleasure did.

Love did.

As angry and hurt as she’d been today, neither could override the

potent emotion she’d harbored for years—an emotion so powerful,

she’d driven hours with a raging fever just to spend a few days with

him. Even without the money for the center hanging over her head

like Damocles’s sword, she would have agreed to this week with him.

That damn money.

She dropped her gaze. Hindsight had the vision of an eagle. If she

had never gone to him about the grant, he wouldn’t have the money

to pitch in her face every time she dared come too close. The irony

didn’t escape her that he wouldn’t have allowed her in his home, in

63

Loving the Beast

his bed, without that deal. Xavier, with his scarred face, body, and

soul, wouldn’t have believed that she wanted him—loved him.

Accept the money and stay with him, steal what time they had

left? Or tell him to hell with the money, that she wanted to remain be-

cause of her feelings for him—and be evicted so fast, she’d leave skid

marks on his pristine wood floors?

Either choice resulted in her being without him. But only one

granted her a precious slice of time in his bed, his arms…his life.

“Get on the bed.”

The quiet command drew her attention back to him. Xavier had

moved to the small dresser that flanked the bed. Though his eyes

tracked her slow progress forward, he pulled open the top drawer,

dipped his hand inside, and pulled an object free. Gwendolyn flicked

a glance at his fist and pulled up short. Shock, apprehension, and a

sliver of…excitement sliced through her.

Thin, black, shiny strips dangled from his closed hand.

Ties. Recognition slapped her, and she jerked her inspection to his

face. The stark mask of lust snatched the breath from her throat. Skin

stretched tight over his cheekbones. Nostrils flared slightly, as if to

catch the perfume of her arousal. Green eyes glittered, and the sensual

fullness of his lips flattened into a straight, hard line. As if his hungry

stare were the match and her arousal the accelerant, heat whooshed

through her veins like a flash fire, setting her breasts, womb, and

pussy aflame. A small moan escaped her throat, and his gaze nar-

rowed, sharpened.

What was happening to her? She’d never gone for extreme sex

games or BDSM. Granted, until last night, her sex life had been very

tame and sedate—nice, but not the screaming, cataclysmic experience

Xavier had introduced her to. But still, she didn’t like being tied up,

bent over, or spanked—did she?

“On the bed, Gwendolyn,” he repeated, and the low, rough timbre

stroked over her skin like a hand calloused from years of hard work—

gentle, yet hard enough to leave tingles behind. Like a drunken man,

she stumbled the last few feet until her thighs bumped the edge of the

mattress. Obediently she raised a bent knee and rested it on the cov-

ers. On the other side of the bed, Xavier mimicked her movements.

In seconds they both knelt, facing each other like an erotic game of

chicken. “Give me your hands.”

Disobedience wasn’t an option. Though she didn’t know all he in-

tended, Gwendolyn wanted it. God, did she want it. Wanted him. She

64

Naima Simone

extended her arms, fists down, and Xavier engulfed one hand within

his larger one. He turned the fist over, opened it, and grazed the sensi-

tive skin of her palm with his fingertips. The small stroke lanced a bolt

of pleasure to her clit, and she bit back a gasp.

As if he realized the effect his touch elicited, he drew a tiny circle.

She didn’t contain the moan this time. Or the groan. By the time he

lifted a finger to his mouth, sucked on the tip, and traced a damp line

from her wrist to the bottom of her thumb, Gwendolyn trembled and

squeezed her thighs against the aching pulse in her pussy. Such a be-

nign caress, and yet it seemed as if he’d traced the slit of her drenched

sex.With her skin still tingling from his touch, Xavier laid the leather

ties across her open palm.

“Xavier?”

She heard the uncertainty in her voice and knew she sounded as

confused as she felt. The bewilderment increased when he released

her and presented his loosely closed fists to her. As if he wanted her

to… No, he couldn’t intend…

But one glance at his resolute expression confirmed her suspicion.

The ties weren’t meant for her, but for him.

She clutched the slim, leather straps, and their inconsequential

weight seemed incongruous when compared to their significance.

This man, who prized control and trusted no one, had handed her a

tiny measure of both.

She closed her eyes, and hope nudged her heart until the door

she’d slammed shut creaked open to allow it in once again. With a

sigh that sounded more like a sob, she lifted her lashes and fastened

the ends of the ties around his thick wrists. Silent, his intense, bright

stare fixed on her, Xavier lay back on the bed and stretched his arms

above his head. The sinew and tendons were delineated beneath his

golden skin, and Gwendolyn imagined a powerful, deadly panther at

rest yet ready to spring at the slightest threat—or sight of prey.

With a slight shift, she knelt at his side, her knees brushing the soft

patch of fur beneath his arm. Controlling the tremble in her fingers as

she tied the leather strips to the bedpost proved impossible. The re-

sulting knot wouldn’t present a challenge to him should he decide to

break free, but it was all her virgin bondage skills could manage.

Awkward, and not a little embarrassed, she straddled his torso.

She transferred her weight, preparing to move to the other side of his

body in order to reach the last binding. Even as she lifted her leg, the

65

Loving the Beast

small but audible inhalation of breath stopped her. She dropped her

gaze to Xavier, and good God, her pussy contracted, and a wave of

desire almost propelled her down to his chest.

Long, dark lashes concealed his gemlike stare. His thin, aristo-

cratic nostrils flared as he took in the scent of her opened sex on his

chest, and his full, sensual lips parted as if he tasted the aroma that

signaled her arousal. The unguarded, pure pleasure that softened his

features lanced her heart. Outside of this bedroom, he would never

reveal such an uninhibited, honest emotion. He would consider it a

vulnerability, a weakness. But here, in this bed, he admitted a glimpse

into the hedonistic animal that enjoyed pleasure and reciprocating it.

As she stared, he raised his eyelids and watched her, his hood-

ed inspection setting a fire in her only he could douse. An image of

her rubbing over his body in a long, sinuous caress like a cat in heat

flashed across her mind’s eye. He made her want to throw away every

perception of sex she’d ever harbored and redefine it with him. Let

him show her what pleasure, touching, and ecstasy entailed.

The man was the poisonous fruit, and she would gladly take a bite

and dive into Death’s embrace. He would so be worth it.

Her pulse accelerated as she swung her leg over his body and

completed binding him to the bed. The deed done, Gwendolyn didn’t

resist the impulse to trail a caress down the corded muscle under his

arm. She leaned back on her haunches and beheld the beautiful sight

of Xavier bound, stretched, and contained.

Like a harnessed tornado—dangerous and wildly exciting.

His wide chest rose and fell on deep, measured breaths, causing

his ridged abdomen to stand out in stark relief. She longed to savor

every intriguing crest and dip of his rib cage. Travel to the shallow

indentation of his navel and down. Curl her fingers through the wiry,

russet thatch of hair that surrounded the thick, long column of flesh

bobbing next to his muscled thigh. Smooth her cheek over his cock

and inhale the musky, sexy, spicy scent that belonged solely to him.

“Why?” she whispered, the reason flickering like a tiny flame of

hope against the encompassing darkness of fear. She wanted to hear

him speak the words and fan the flame that even now sputtered in the

face of her doubt.

“I’ve taken from you, Gwen,” he murmured. “Take from me. All

that I have to give.” Though his hands were restrained, his hot stare

stroked her as if they were unbound, free to stir her desire to a fever

pitch. “All that I have to give.” Not the declaration her heart had de-

66

Naima Simone

sired to hear, but it was more than she had this morning. And for now,

with his trusting her with his body and pleasure, it was enough.

The inside of her thigh slid over his abdomen as she reclaimed

her position astride his upper body. A hum of delight caught her by

surprise; she hadn’t meant to release it. But as she stroked her palms

over the firm plane of his chest, and the small, hard pebbles of his

dark brown nipples grazed her skin, shivers coursed up her arms to

her breasts, down her stomach, and settled in her clit like a low-level

buzz of electricity.

His beauty awed her.

She formed a bracket on either side of the thick patch of skin that

throbbed in the dip of his throat with her thumbs. His life’s blood

pounded under her touch, and the primal rhythm seemed to surge

through her, connecting them. Gently she cupped his face and low-

ered her forehead to his until their breath mingled, mated. His soft

sigh reached her seconds before he tipped his chin upward and

claimed her mouth.

How did he manage to wrest control from her when he was the

one bound? Gwendolyn didn’t know, but as he pierced her lips with

his tongue and stroked the roof of her mouth before inviting her to

join the sensuous ballet, she admitted with a groan that he did have

complete domination.

His wild, earth-struck-by-lightning taste overwhelmed her.

He nipped her bottom lip, and the slight sting arrowed straight to

her pussy. Her pants filled his mouth as she ground the pad of her

sex against his abdomen, seeking relief from the swelling ache. She

pressed the tips of her fingers into his scalp, tipped his chin up far-

ther with her thumbs, and stole control back. She ate him up like rich,

sweet chocolate. She was greedy, gluttonous, returning to his mouth

time and time again for more of his lush, decadent flavor.

Hot blasts of air heated her lips as Xavier panted beneath her. He

arched his neck, the tendons stretching against his dusky skin as he

reached for her, silently demanding more. She tore her mouth from

his, planted her palms on either side of his head, and stared down at

him. His chest rose and fell from the labored breaths that rushed from

him. His eyes gleamed from under hooded lids that seemed to beckon

her back to feast on him. Damn, did she want to concede to the invita-

tion. But first…

Gwendolyn straightened and once again cradled his jaw. His

lashes fluttered but didn’t lower. So when she slid her fingers over

67

Loving the Beast

his temples and under his head to the bound tail of hair, she caught

the widening of his eyes and the flicker of panic that flared in their

emerald depths. A fist squeezed her heart at that spark of anxiety, but

she steeled her resolve and untied the band imprisoning his hair. His

powerful body tensed beneath her thighs, and his features, lax with

pleasure a moment ago, slowly stiffened, as if bracing for a blow.

She massaged his scalp to reassure him that he was safe with her

and spread the thick, dark strands over the white pillowcase like a silk

cape. So beautiful, she thought with a sigh, and gripped a handful of

the heavy, mahogany mane, lifted it to her nose, and luxuriated in the

feel and rich scent.

“Don’t,” he objected, voice hoarse with the emotion.

“Shh,” Gwendolyn whispered soothingly and sifted the long hair

through her fingers as it drifted back down to the pillow. He studied

her as she leaned over him, his gaze intent. The stark planes of his face

remained set in rigid lines, reminding her of the contained stranger

she’d confronted a week ago. And encountered that morning.

But that man wouldn’t have allowed her to bind him to the bed,

submitting his body and control. Leaving himself vulnerable. She’d

walk away from this bed, this house, before betraying the courage it

had taken to stretch out before her, naked in body and soul.

She took his mouth in a tender kiss. At first his mouth remained

unyielding, but she continued her sensual assault, nuzzling, nipping,

until, with a soft moan, he gave in, and his lips parted underneath

hers.“I think I could kiss you forever.” The admission escaped her be-

fore she could snatch it back. Heat, unrelated to passion, warmed her

cheeks.

“And yet you stopped.”

Her heart missed a beat and then raced to catch up. “Shh,” she

murmured as she lowered her head and trailed a damp path down his

chin and over the line of his jaw. Her lips bumped the ridge of flesh

that marred his chin. She brushed a caress over it—and ignored the

low hiss of breath he emitted.

It would be so easy to acquiesce to his “hands off” body language

and move on to another part of his body.

Not tonight. Not when she could show him how beautiful she

found him, scars and all, without him being able to walk away or shut

her down.

68

Naima Simone

The length of the scar, from chin to hairline, received her devotion.

Without words, she declared his beauty. Hot blasts of breath seared

her cheek as Xavier’s hoarse rasps echoed in the silent room. His body

had stiffened beneath her again; the tendons in his neck stood out

in sharp relief, as if at any moment he would throw his head back

against the pillow to evade her touch.

Yet he remained still as a statue except for his heaving chest.

Her heart twisted at the sign of obvious agitation, but she didn’t

stop.When she moved on to his chest and abdomen, she began the

homage all over again.

By the time she returned to his mouth, his body had loosened,

the austere lines of his face had softened, and a faint flush painted his

high cheekbones. Instead of rough inhalations, low pants of breath

rushed in and out of his parted lips. She studied his sensual features

and met his stare, which seemed to glow with desire and something

so raw, so wild, she couldn’t name it—was afraid to label it.

“I want your mouth on me,” she murmured and nuzzled the

curve of his ear, feeling empowered, emboldened by his restraint and

her passion. “Will you make me come, Xavier? Make me cry out your

name? Make me beg even though I’m the one in control? Can you do

that?”

His hooded gaze widened in surprise before narrowing. How

he could resemble a predator while tied and imprisoned baffled her.

How she could shake like the prey in his sights amazed her.

“Slide up for me, Gwen.” His husky command shivered down her

spine and caused more liquid to spill from between her thighs. Unable

to prevent the motion, she circled her hips over his chest, the move-

ment exerting direct pressure on her clit. It inflamed and satisfied the

pounding ache, and she groaned with the pleasure. “Come on, baby. I

can’t give you what you need unless you move. As much as I love see-

ing you explode, I’d rather have that lovely cream in my mouth than

decorating my body.”

The words—and underlying hint of strained laughter—urged her

forward. In moments she had one knee beside his head and the other

on the outside of his cuffed arm.

“Grab the headboard.”

She glanced down her torso and bit back a pained cry. Her lash-

es lowered before necessity impelled them to lift. She couldn’t miss

the erotic vision of Xavier staring up at her from between her spread

69

Loving the Beast

thighs, his full lips only a breath away from grazing her swollen, wet

pussy. Seconds from dipping that talented tongue into her core and

lapping up all the juice that coated her folds and inner thighs.

She whimpered.

Then lifted a knee and whipped around.

“Gwen?”

She ignored his raspy question and planted her palms next to his

narrow hips. His long, steely erection lay against his stomach like an

intimidating length of thick pipe topped by a flushed, smooth cap.

Even as she watched, a drop of precum beaded at the slit as if welling

just from her captivated gaze. Jesus, he was beautiful. Like Michelan-

gelo’s David—sculpted, virile, and perfect.

“Gwen,” he repeated, “This isn’t for me, baby. You don’t have to

do this.”

“I know,” she responded, already reaching for his cock. Just think-

ing about what it could do inside her pussy made her clit pound and

her empty core spasm. “This is for me.”

To have him fill her mouth, to discover if that same wind-and-rain

taste that imbued his kiss would transfer to his cock… Yes, this was

all for her.

She leaned down and engulfed the bulbous head. Immediately

his untamed flavor detonated on her tongue, and she moaned with

excitement. She squeezed his flesh, stroking her fist up the hard shaft

until her fingers bumped her stretched lips. Another spurt of his seed

pulsed from the narrow opening, and she lapped at his salty essence.

God, it was just so good.

“Dammit, Gwen.” Xavier’s hungry growl penetrated her lust.

“Give me your pussy. Now.”

She released his cock with a small pop and stared, bemused, at

the wet head. She’d been so engrossed in finally having him in her

mouth that she’d forgotten about her original request. With a small

shake of her head, she lowered her lips to his erection and her pussy

to his mouth.

“Oh God, Xavier.” She flung her head back as the scream ripped

from her throat. He thrust his tongue past her swollen, cream-coated

folds to the clenching tunnel beyond. “Please, no…yes,” she sobbed as

he stabbed deep. “Yes.”

He licked her, consumed her. His teeth latched on to one swollen

lip, and he sucked, flicked, and laved it before moving to the other.

Though he was tied to the bed, he mastered her as if he were un-

70

Naima Simone

bound, gripping her hips, and guiding this seductive meltdown. His

mouth held her captive so that all she could do was follow its lead.

“Fuck my mouth, baby,” he ordered, his hot breath an added ca-

ress to her sensitive flesh. “Ride it like my cock.”

His cock. Damn. She’d forgotten all about pleasuring him while

his tongue tormented her pussy. She tightened her grip on his stalk

and stroked down to the wide, flared base, then returned up and over

the head. On the return trip, precum lubricated the path, until her fist

glided back and forth, back and forth, in a relentless rhythm.

“That’s it,” Xavier encouraged on the tail of a harsh groan.

“Squeeze tight, baby.”

Gwen imagined that if his hands were free, he would’ve swatted

her ass at that moment. How she conjured that particular picture—or

why her core spasmed in excitement—she couldn’t explain. Except…

until Xavier, maybe she hadn’t known what she desired from a lover.

Not until he’d shown her.

She knelt over her lover, his lips and tongue buried in her pussy

while she fisted his cock.

“God, you’re sweet, Gwen,” he murmured over her clit before sip-

ping at the engorged, aching button.

“Xavier.” She gasped and couldn’t have prevented the buck of

her hips if she’d been threatened to hold still. “Please. Again. Harder.

Suck me harder.”

As if to torment her, he flicked her flesh, the touch light and teas-

ing and nowhere close to the pressure she needed.

“Don’t tease me,” she demanded. Two could play at torment, she

thought, seconds before lowering to suckle his gleaming cockhead.

She bathed the knob with long, slow licks and alternated with strong,

hard pulls.

“Fuck,” he growled, then ended her suffering. Giving her no quar-

ter, he clamped down on her clit and drew hard. He sucked, nipped,

and encircled her flesh, which seemed to swell to twice its normal

size. Heat gathered in the nub and eddied in ever-increasing pools

of pleasure. Juice covered her folds, and as he feasted on her pussy,

she rode his face, the wet sounds of his mouth adding to the surreal

sensuality. Once more she let go of his cock to immerse herself in the

wild, carnal passion.

It crashed on her; the orgasm didn’t swell or creep, but broke over

her like a sonic blast whose waves echoed against her skin in one pow-

erful surge after another. She screamed with the ecstasy of release.

71

Loving the Beast

Trembled over him. No—quaked, for the seizures that gripped her

body in their seismic holds couldn’t be termed something as passive

as trembles.

She plummeted back to the realm of the living and pitched for-

ward to rest her cheek on his jutting hip bone. Her eyes open, the

broad base of cock surrounded by dark, springy hair greeted her. Her

quick blasts of air stirred the curls, and his musky, tantalizing scent of

desert sands and sex caused her to shudder.

“Gwen.” She shifted, his breath an almost unbearable caress on

her vulnerable flesh. “Gwen,” Xavier repeated, his voice strained and

containing an urgency that roused her to slide off his chest. She curled

up next to him, her knees pressing into the sides of his torso. “Baby,

I need you.” From her vantage point, she could see his strong throat

work as he swallowed. “I’m going to go crazy if I’m not in your pussy.

Fuck me, sweetheart,” he whispered.

The plea moved her like nothing else could have. She scrambled

to her knees, and in spite of her sated lethargy, she slid off the bed and

jerked the drawer in the bedside table open. Quickly she ripped open

the foil packet and removed the condom. In moments, she’d straddled

his hips and had his erection sheathed in the latex.

With one hand, she positioned his cock so that the head prodded

her slit, and she pressed the palm of her other hand against his abdo-

men. Muscles flexed and tightened beneath her touch, as if in prepara-

tion for thrusting between her folds and being gloved in her sex.

She glanced up his chest to his tightly drawn features. The bright,

jeweled gaze that stared back burned like the heart of the hottest fire.

Every muscle in his body seemed to be drawn as tight as a bow, and

Gwendolyn imagined if she freed his hands at that moment, he would

spring on her and take her down like felled prey.

Slowly she rubbed the cockhead through her crease, drenching

the wide cap in her juices. It bumped against her clit, the smooth,

hard skin skimming the sensitive bundle of nerves, and she inhaled

sharply. Oh yes. She hummed. Just once…more. She whimpered. And

did it again.

“Don’t tease me,” he said, throwing her earlier demand at her,

straining his arms against the restraints. “I’m at the breaking point,

baby. Put me inside.”

As good as the touch of his cock on her clit felt, she craved to be

filled by him as much as he seemed to need it. She nudged the tip be-

tween her folds and sank down.

72

Naima Simone

“No,” she gasped, shaking her head. “Too much.”

She straightened, and the abrupt movement elicited another cry

from her as his swollen flesh jerked free of her pussy. God, last night

he’d been so large that at first she’d been afraid they wouldn’t fit. But

now she’d barely lodged the head and a couple of inches of his shaft

inside her, and the pressure had been almost unbearable. She glanced

down at the thick, veined stalk with its glistening head and wanted to

cry in frustration. There was no way she could take all of him. It was

impossible.

“Look at me, Gwen.” His husky voice drew her attention from the

intimidating length of his cock and to his face. The hard, taut features

belied his gentle tone. “It’s the position that makes taking me a little

more difficult. But you can do it, baby. You can take my cock into your

pussy, and I want to be balls-deep inside you, sweetheart. I don’t want

an inch of my cock left untouched by the sweetest pussy I’ve ever

fucked. Come on, Gwen. Take it.” His timbre deepened as he studied

her from his heavy-lidded gaze. “Take me.”

Surely the serpent’s tempting of Eve couldn’t have been more se-

ductive than his invitation. The result was the same, she concluded,

as she gripped his erection, held it to her entrance, and pressed down.

The broad knob burrowed into her resisting flesh, and for a moment

she nearly reconsidered, but then her muscles relaxed slightly, and

another couple of inches disappeared into her pussy.

So full. She held still and allowed her body to accustom itself to

the penetration. With both palms planted on his ribs, she raised her

hips off his cock and slowly—so slowly—descended, taking a little

more of him. Sensation rippled through her core, and she moaned

as tiny spasms gripped and released the rigid stalk. She duplicated

the motion, lost in an existence that had narrowed to include only

desire and pleasure. She slid up his shaft until just the rounded peak

of the head remained inside her clutching entrance. And then, as she

sank back down, she engulfed a little bit more of his length than she’d

claimed on previous trip. Each stroke nudged a delicious place high

up inside her, drew a cry from her so that the quiet room was punctu-

ated by the sounds of her whimpers and the wet suction of her pussy

fucking his cock. It was the sweetest music she’d ever heard.

“Dammit, Gwen,” Xavier growled, back bowing. “Get down on

my dick.” His hips jerked hard, and in spite of the leverage her hands

provided, more of his shaft penetrated her tight sheath. “Now, Gwen.”

73

Loving the Beast

She glanced down; she’d taken a little over half of him, yet the

thickest, fattest part of his shaft still remained to be conquered. Sweat

poured in rivulets down the V between her breasts, and she shud-

dered at the pressure between her thighs. God, she was stretched be-

yond what she’d believed herself able to stand. But she wanted all of

him. Hungered to have every inch of him embedded so deep that next

week, when he was gone from her life again, she would still feel him.

Inhaling, she flattened her palms on his chest, tightened her

thighs, and glanced up at him. “Help me,” she whispered.

His eyes glittered, and as one, he thrust upward and she surged

down.

A hoarse cry erupted from her, joined by his raw groan. Oh God.

Oh. God. She felt…possessed. As her muscles quivered madly around

his cock—as he occupied her pussy, leaving nothing untouched—it

seemed as if she’d become a new creature, one forever imprinted with

Xavier’s mark. She’d never be free of him.

“Shh,” he said soothingly as his big body shuddered beneath

her. Only then did she realize the soft whimpers were coming from

her throat. “It’s okay, baby. I can feel you surrounding me. You’re so

sweet, so—” His voice broke, and a strong tremor coursed through

him. The vibration thrummed through her stretched pussy. “Fuck me,

baby. Take me away from here, Gwen. Take me to heaven.”

She swallowed, his words—the plea beneath—penetrating her

heart as surely as his cock pierced her flesh. Shaking, she moved, hesi-

tantly at first, but as her body softened, it became more and more ac-

customed to his invasion. As the pleasure built and the discomfort

and pressure transformed into something exciting and intoxicating,

she rolled and pitched her hips. On every downward stroke, his cock-

head rubbed a place high near her womb that she hadn’t known ex-

isted. Her clit hummed as if electricity had a direct route to the nerve-

packed bundle.

“Yes, baby,” he moaned, meeting each thrust with one of his own.

“Harder. Don’t be afraid. Damn, you’re so good.”

His words spurred her on, until she rode him with an abandon

she wouldn’t have believed possible when she’d first taken his cock.

Her pussy grasped at his dick with each withdrawal, as if reluctant to

release him, and eagerly sucked him back in her depths on the plunge

downward.

She wanted the wild ride to continue forever, but as the orgasm

neared, tingling at the base of her spine, pressing against her clit, she

74

Naima Simone

knew holding on didn’t remain an option. So she welcomed it. Hurled

herself into the fiery cataclysm, unknowing if she would be reborn or

incinerate in the flames.

Through the roar in her head and the frantic hammering of her

heart, she heard Xavier join her. And even as sweet oblivion opened its

arms to her, she knew she wasn’t alone in the darkness. Never alone.

75





Chapter Eight


The September sun painted the world with a gilded brush so the

green of pastures seemed more vibrant. The brick red of the stables

seemed to glow, and the sable coats of the frolicking horses gleamed

with health and vitality. Though fall had barely arrived, the morning

air contained a small nip, but winter’s grasp still remained several

weeks away.

A perfect morning.

Gwendolyn sighed and tilted her head back to bask in the sun’s

warmth. A perfect morning if she wasn’t out here at the corral, hiding.

Well, maybe avoiding would be a better word. They both amounted to

the same thing, but avoidance didn’t seem as cowardly.

She flicked a glance over her shoulder toward the house that stood

out like an elegant, imposing sentinel against the clear, crystal blue

sky. An apt description for its master. Urbane. Commanding. Guard-

ian of this haven he’d created for himself in the beautiful Berkshires’

76

Naima Simone

mountains. A refuge far from the shallow glitz and glamour of Boston

society—a refuge where, she suspected, he allowed no one entrance.

Except her.

“Oh damn,” she mumbled, turned, and rested her forehead on

top of her folded arms. The wooden railing of the corral bit the un-

derside of her arm through the thin jacket she’d donned in deference

to the cool morning air. She ignored the slight discomfort, too preoc-

cupied by the much sharper pain that brutal honesty often caused.

She was so screwed.

A rough chuckle escaped her throat, and it carried the edge of de-

spair that clutched her heart. Since Xavier had delivered his bargain,

she’d used martyrdom for the community center as justification for

accepting his terms. Being the sacrificial lamb had enabled her to ac-

cept without guilt and recriminations over Joshua’s death.

But now—after last night—she could no longer sail along the

banks of “De-Nile.” The community center had been a convenient ex-

cuse, but the unvarnished, stark truth was she’d come to his home,

agreed to be mistress to the beast, because she loved him. To grab her

one chance at being with him. For years she’d dreamed of being pos-

sessed by him. She’d hungered to know the pleasure of having him

brand her pussy with his cock, of holding his body close while they

exploded together in ecstasy she’d instinctively known only he could

bring her.

She’d experienced both. And the intimacy, the pleasure had far

exceeded her fantasies. So what could she do? Where could she go

from here? How could she drive away at the end of these seven days

and pretend she wasn’t leaving her heart behind as well?

After Gwendolyn had released Xavier the night before, he’d en-

folded her in his arms, held her close, and pressed his lips to her

temple. The tenderness of his embrace had broken something inside

her. Yes, she’d betrayed Joshua for years by loving his brother and not

having the courage to confess the truth. But how could she continue

to flay herself over a mistake? Especially when the beauty she’d ex-

perienced edged out the grief, purified her of the shame. In that mo-

ment, love had stripped away fear, guilt, and pride. This man, who

had submitted his strength and vulnerability, deserved no less than

her honesty.

She’d whispered his name, prepared to admit everything—her

love for him, her role in Joshua’s death—but Xavier had covered her

77

Loving the Beast

mouth with his and made love to her again. And when sunlight had

spilled across her bed the next morning, she’d been alone.

And now, doubt and her ‘ol albatross—fear—had crept back in.

Gwendolyn propped her chin on her arm and closed her eyes.

Last night she’d been ready to lay her sins out before him. But hours

later, the thought of facing his derision, or worse, disgust, terrified

her. Twisted her stomach into knots so tight, she believed it might be

permanently kinked.

“Good morning.”

She straightened and whirled around at the husky greeting. Sur-

prise and the same delight that sprung eternal every time she laid eyes

on him left her breathless. As usual, his rich, golden brown hair was

restrained, and the intent stare, while holding none of the heat she’d

seen in their depths the night before, didn’t contain the aloof frost

from the previous morning.

Cautious, Gwendolyn decided. His quiet regard was cautious. As

if he was unsure of her frame of mind in the revealing light of a new

morning. Join the club, she snorted silently.

“Hey,” she returned and cleared her throat. And dropped her

gaze. And rubbed her palms down the front of her pants. Silly that

after all they’d shared, she felt like a schoolgirl in front of her high

school crush.

“Have you ever ridden before?” At her blank stare, the corner of

his mouth quirked, and he nodded toward the pasture and horses

behind her. “Horses. Have you ever ridden horses before?”

“Oh. Right.” Oh God. “No, I never have. Not much cause for them

in Roxbury.”

Xavier nodded, expression stoic. “I can see that.” He flicked a

glance over her shoulder before returning his attention to her. “Do

you want a lesson?”

Stunned, she gaped at him. “What—” She sputtered. “Y-you’re

going to give it to me?”

He shrugged. “Either me or the leprechaun sitting over there un-

der the tree.”

The deadpan comment snapped her out of her shock, and she

shot him a narrowed glare even as her heart leaped at the thought of

spending time with him. She desired his company more than learning

to ride one of the majestic animals.

78

Naima Simone

“Very funny.” The familiar vulnerability when it came to this man

crept back in, and she couldn’t hold back her uncertainty as she tilted

her head to the side and peered up at him. “Are you serious?”

“Yes, Gwen,” he murmured, and again joy rose up and warmed

her like the sun’s rays never could. Gwen. He called me Gwen. “Go

put on a pair of jeans and boots, if you have any.” Xavier dipped his

chin in the direction of her black slacks. “I’ll meet you back here in ten

minutes.”

She gave him a brief nod, then brushed past him and headed to-

ward the house. In record time, she changed her clothes and shoes,

pulled on a jacket, and hurried from her room, down the stairs, and

across the wide lawn to the pasture and stable. As she stood in the

open doorway, Xavier strode down the aisle, a saddle and bridle rest-

ing on his shoulder. He paused, and she watched his intent inspection

take her in, from her loose curls, down her brown leather jacket, blue

jeans, and sneakers.

“Wait here,” he ordered before spinning around and heading back

down the breezeway toward the back of the stable. Within a couple of

minutes, he returned with a pair of boots clutched in his hand. “Here.”

Xavier knelt and lowered the riding gear to the ground. The curl of his

fingers beckoned her forward, and she obeyed the command.

He encircled her ankle, lifted her foot, and removed her sneaker.

He repeated the process with the other foot, and she curled her toes

into the hard floor.

“These should fit. They’re one of the stable hand’s, but I don’t

think she’ll mind.” He smoothed his palm along her arch, as if to make

sure her white sock didn’t bunch and cause her any discomfort, before

fitting the dusty brown boot on her foot. Tenderness eased through

her and radiated outward in rings of delight. Warmth spread to her

chest and lower to pool in her core.

“All set.” Xavier patted the toe of her boot and, hoisting the saddle

and bridle to his shoulder again, rose to his full, intimidating height.

Well, last week it had been daunting, but now it comforted, made her

feel secure—and turned her on. Damn, she had it bad.

“Thank you,” she whispered. His slight smile caused a knot of

lust to uncoil in her stomach, shooting delicious heat to her nipples

and her sex. She almost suggested foregoing the lesson in favor of

riding him.

“I chose Marian for you,” he said and closed his hand around

hers. “She’s the gentlest mare and the most patient.”

79

Loving the Beast

“She’ll need to be with me,” Gwendolyn grumbled, and he flashed

another of those rare smiles over his shoulder as he pulled her along.

Wow. She exhaled a hard breath. For that smile, she would attempt to

ride the wildest stallion alive.

“You might be surprised at how well you take to horseback,

Gwen,” he assured her with a fleeting squeeze to her fingers. He

paused next to the stable doors, bent and grabbed a blanket, then con-

tinued out into the corral.

Of the four beautiful animals grazing in the field, Xavier ap-

proached a horse that stood close to the fence, the slender head hang-

ing over the top rung. The shiny, mahogany coat caught Gwendolyn’s

notice first; it resembled the lustrous color of Xavier’s locks. After a

soft whistle and click of his tongue, he called the mare’s name, and she

turned huge, quiet eyes to her master. He rubbed a caress down her

darker mane and murmured hushed praises in her ear. Gwendolyn

couldn’t help but be reminded of the way he’d handled her in the heat

of passion, soothing her with word and touch. And she imagined she

trembled as Marian did under his attention.

The man had a way with the ladies. She smirked.

The horse lowered her head and bumped Xavier’s pocket with her

dark nose. Chuckling, he reached inside his thick black sweater and

pulled out a carrot and a slice of apple. A pleased whinny escaped the

mare before she nipped the offered food.

“Good girl,” he crooned, and a shiver passed down her spine and

tingled in her sex as she recalled Xavier saying those exact words to

her a couple of nights earlier. As she’d played with her pussy and he

watched. She swallowed a groan.

Pay attention, she admonished herself. Horseback riding lessons.

Not sex. Not—her gaze fondled his ass in the fitted, dark blue jeans as

he threw the blanket over the mare’s back—sex.

Minutes later, Xavier had the saddle on the horse, the cinches

tightened beneath her belly, stirrups adjusted, and the bridle fastened.

“Okay, baby. Up you go.” Bending low, he cupped his hands and

glanced up at her. “Put your foot here, and I’ll hoist you up. Swing

your leg over her back, and grab the reins. I won’t let anything happen

to you, okay?”

She nodded, hesitant but trusting. He hadn’t needed to reassure

her he would care for her. She’d harbored no doubts on that front.

Gwendolyn followed his instructions, and in seconds, she strad-

dled the horse’s back. Jesus. Her stomach plummeted straight to her

80

Naima Simone

toes. She’d never perched on the top of the Empire State Building, but

this must be how it would feel!

“Uh…”

“Easy, Gwen.” Xavier chuckled and patted her calf. “I can see the

whites of your eyes.”

“I’m, uh, good,” she stuttered. And swallowed hard. “She’s aw-

fully, um, big, isn’t she?”

“Don’t worry. You’ll become accustomed to that. Just give it a few

minutes.” Again he petted her leg. “Brush her mane. Horses like to

be touched, gentled. You’ll lose your anxiety, and she’ll become more

used to you.”

Inhaling, she leaned forward and tightened her grip on the reins.

The horse gave a nervous side step, but Xavier immediately soothed

her.“Don’t tighten up on the reins, sweetheart. There’s nothing to be

afraid of.” She grabbed onto the confidence in his voice and touched

a trembling caress to the dark mane. Mimicking his tone, Gwendolyn

whispered some nonsensical words, and soon the pit in her stomach

transformed to a shallow hole.

“You ready?” He settled his gaze on her face, and the assurance

there calmed her like a dozen platitudes could not.

“Ready.”

For the next hour, Xavier led her and the horse through different

paces. He taught her how to sit in the saddle and to guide the mare,

and with each small success, Gwendolyn’s confidence grew. Soon her

trepidation faded under the excitement of learning and feeling the

animal respond to her directions. True, they never went above a slow

walk, but God! It was fun!

“You’re doing wonderful.” She beamed, and his answering smile

made her feel as if she’d won the Pulitzer Prize. “Are you up for a

ride?”

Excitement zinged through her. “Of course.”

In a motion that barely stirred the horse, Xavier swung up and

settled behind her. Her stomach dipped at the sudden move but

calmed as his chest pressed into her spine and his hips cradled her

ass. And when he encircled her within his strong embrace to take the

reins, she knew sanctuary.

A low click of his tongue set them off. The horse and man seemed

to flow as one, and she marveled at the beauty and strength of them.

After several turns around the fenced in pasture, he directed the mare

81

Loving the Beast

from the corral and out into the breathtaking landscape surrounding

his home. As they trotted down a well-worn trail through the red- and

gold-painted trees, the chirping of birds and the muted tinkle of a far-

off stream greeted them. Between the gorgeous scenery, the exhilara-

tion of riding, and the power of the man behind her, Gwendolyn was

bewitched.

“Having fun?”

She tilted her head back and grinned. “God, yes.” She laughed at

the sheer pleasure.

“Good,” he replied and then shocked her by planting a small kiss

on the tip of her nose. Speechless, she gaped at him before turning to

face the front again. Her heart knocked a hard tattoo against the wall

of her chest but, bit by bit, a wide grin she couldn’t contain stretched

across her mouth. Yeah, she probably looked like a fool with that huge

smile on her face, but dammit, she didn’t care.

The horse’s pace gradually slowed to a walk, and she took in

a deep breath. The clean scent of earth and Xavier’s skin filled her

lungs. She closed her eyes and savored the flavor of nature and man.

Both seductive in their individual ways.

“Tell me about yourself, Gwen.” He brushed his lips along the

curve of her ear as he spoke, and she squeezed her eyes tighter before

lifting her lashes to stare down at the long-fingered hands holding the

reins in a loose grip. “I want to know you again.”

Once more she angled her head back to regard him. “Do you?”

she asked and managed not to wince at the vulnerability in the two

words. But she didn’t glance away. Didn’t pretend as if his request

for intimate knowledge of her didn’t carry importance in her heart.

Didn’t feign as if that hidden part of her soul didn’t dance in delight

that she may be more than an available body to him.

“Yes.” He nodded, and his solemn gaze met hers and held it. “Yes,

I do.”

She resumed her position and wondered where to start. With

Joshua’s death? With the years of guilt she’d come to terms with only

last night in his arms?

“A few months after Josh’s death, I assumed the role of program

director at the community center. I’d been on staff there a couple of

years, and after Josh…” She paused and allowed the spasm of hurt

to pass. “After Josh,” she began again, “I started spending more time

there, so I was thrilled to accept the position.”

82

Naima Simone

“It was your lifesaver,” he added, and the wealth of understand-

ing in his voice loosened the knot in her throat.

“Yes.” She dipped her chin in agreement. “It saved me. The peo-

ple, the children, the purpose. I poured all of myself into the center

and the kids there.”

“They needed you.”

She shrugged. “I’m not saying it was healthy, and in hindsight,

there was definitely some avoidance going on there. But in time, I

found a measure of healing.”

“A measure?” he questioned.

The throb of a wound with a fresh scab pulsed in her heart. For-

giveness was so new that even after three years, she hadn’t found

complete absolution and release. But, unlike days ago, she now pos-

sessed faith that one day she would.

“Yes,” she whispered. “A measure.”

Quiet met her response. “You still love him.”

The statement contained no accusation or anger—no emotion at

all. The deliberate emptiness declared more than a speech could have.

Gwendolyn tipped her head back to stare at the crisp blue sky.

The sight of two birds soaring through the clouds snagged her atten-

tion. One hovered a short distance behind the other, as if promising

to catch its mate if it fell. She yearned for that security, commitment,

and trust. The knowledge that, when she faltered, love would buoy

her up. Her mother had deprived her of a parent’s unconditional love,

so she’d clung to Joshua out of fear—fear of being alone and unloved.

The fear of sacrificing a stable relationship for the uncertainty of lov-

ing a man whose rejection would devastate her worse than her moth-

er’s had.

“I’ll always miss him,” she stated, choosing her words with care.

“He was my best friend, my first relationship. He gave me the stabil-

ity my mother never had. For that he will always hold a special place

in my heart.” She tightened her grip on the saddle horn as the last

part—the hardest part—of her admission arrived. “But I don’t hold a

torch for him that prevents me from caring for someone again. I want

to…love.”

“But you haven’t been with anyone.” Xavier shifted behind her

and pressed closer. The stiff column of his cock pushed into her lower

back, and though he did nothing but hold her close, her pussy heated,

moistened. “That doesn’t show you’re ready, Gwen.”

83

Loving the Beast

She lowered her head. How could she respond to that? Not with

the truth.

“Four years,” he wondered aloud. “You said it’d been four years

since you’d been with a man. Joshua has been dead for three. Why,

sweetheart?”

Dust coated her mouth, and her pulse seemed to echo inside her

head like a bass drum. She swiped her tongue over her dry lips and

opened her mouth, but nothing emerged. Again, words eluded her.

Somehow, I couldn’t abide having sex with your brother any longer

since I felt sick with guilt, as if I were cheating on you instead of him,

didn’t seem like the appropriate thing to say.

“Gwen?”

“We agreed to be celibate a year before we married.” Partly

true. She’d requested it, and Josh had agreed. At the time, she’d been

shocked at his acquiescence, but now she wondered if even then he’d

suspected her feelings for his brother.

“I always thought Josh was a saint,” he murmured, switching the

leather reins to one hand and lifting the other to her cheek. A gust of

breath shuddered from between her lips as he trailed the backs of his

fingers over her skin. Her lashes fluttered closed at the contact that

seemed to strike at her heart, pound in her clitoris. “Now I have clear

evidence. He must’ve had a fucking halo to agree to that. There’s no

way I could have you and not be balls-deep inside you at any given

opportunity.”

Molten heat pooled in her pussy, and her core throbbed as if she

could feel the hard thrust of his cock filling her, stretching her. The

rhythmic rise and fall of the horse beneath her did nothing to alleviate

the ache. It inflamed the need, stoked it until her breathing grew shal-

low and all she could concentrate on was having the steel column of

flesh at her back fucking her into oblivion.

Xavier called to the horse and drew back on the reins. As the mare

came to a halt, Gwendolyn glanced around a small glen with a small

brook running next to it. The quiet peace of the oasis called to her as

Xavier dismounted, and she barely uttered a protest when he gripped

her waist and lifted her from the saddle.

“This is beautiful.” She cast a smile at him over her shoulder. Sev-

eral quick steps brought her to the clear water. It babbled over the

dark bed of the creek and the cleverly placed stepping stones connect-

ing the stretch of vibrant green on the other side. “How did you find

it?”

84

Naima Simone

He stuffed his hands in the front pockets of his jeans. “I’ve spent a

lot of time out here.” Again, the carefully neutral voice.

She turned away from the idyllic scene to study him. Though he

stood motionless, power seemed to emanate from his still form. He

hummed with a vitality that tugged at her like a siren song. She’d

crashed on the shores of his pleasure, had drowned under the waves

of his passion. And she longed for a repeat performance.

Gwendolyn lifted her gaze to clash with his narrowed regard.

“My turn.”

Xavier arched both brows at her words, but remained silent. Even

when she retraced her steps across the grass to stand before him and

raised a hand to his face—the left side. She gave him credit. He almost

managed to stifle his flinch as she neared the scar. If she hadn’t been

studying him so closely, she would’ve missed the nearly impercep-

tible jerk.

She stroked his clenched jaw, and the stubble that the sharpest ra-

zor couldn’t remove grazed her knuckles. His bright gaze scrutinized

her face.

“Your turn?” he questioned, his voice a low rumble of sound in

the still glen.

“To ask about you,” she explained.

With a sigh of delight she couldn’t contain, Gwendolyn thrust her

fingers under the bound tail of hair at his neck and cupped his scalp.

The black fan of his lashes flickered, but his eyes didn’t close. The faint

hiss that passed his lips smacked of pleasure, not distress.

“You have beautiful hair, Xavier. I remember being so jealous of

it. It didn’t seem fair that God gave you, a man, such thick, gorgeous,

manageable hair while cursing me with the wild mop I had—have.”

A corner of his full lips quirked at her disgruntled complaint.

“I’ve always loved your hair,” he murmured. Lord. She gasped,

her eyes almost rolling to the back of her head as he twisted a hand-

ful in a gentle but firm grip. He’d tugged on the curls in the same

manner when kissing her. Who would’ve guessed nerves in the scalp

were connected to the clit? A little-known medical mystery. “I used to

have fantasies about it. About fisting a handful of your curls around

my cock and fucking your hair.” A self-deprecating smile curved his

mouth. “Depraved, isn’t it?”

Hot, not depraved. “You never let on…” She swallowed in an at-

tempt to wet her mouth, which had gone as dry as the Sahara. “When?”

85

Loving the Beast

Xavier dropped his hand, and the suddenness of the action left

her feeling alone, bereft. His gaze, which had burned with desire,

cooled, as if a door had been slammed shut, locking her out of his

thoughts. “Long past the time I should’ve.”

“What does that—”

“What did you want to ask me?”

She snapped her mouth shut, the questions she wanted to cast at

him, trapped. For a long second, they examined each other, the past

sandwiched between them like a fucked-up ménage. Finally Gwendo-

lyn flexed her fingertips against his head.

“Why do you wear your hair tied back? I haven’t seen it loose

except for last night…”

She sucked in a hard breath.

Held it.

All sound in the glade seemed to fall away, until an unnatural,

thick silence reigned. Nothing moved. Not the soaring birds. Not the

gurgling brook. Not Xavier.

Her throat burned from the lack of breath. But it couldn’t compare

to the utter agony she’d glimpsed in Xavier’s eyes. Jesus. Air exploded

from her lungs, and she snatched her hand from his hair and cradled

it in her other palm. No one should hurt like that…

“Never mind.” Gwendolyn shook her head. “You don’t have—”

“I’m a monster,” he said. And she could have wept at the convic-

tion in the stark statement. “This way no one forgets it.” If possible, his

features tautened even more. “Do you know why Evelyn and I broke

up?” He didn’t wait for her response, but forged ahead. “I walked in

on her having sex with another man. And still I didn’t have the balls

to end our relationship. She did. Because she couldn’t stand to look

at me. Apparently pulling my hair forward to hide my face while we

fucked wasn’t cutting it any longer.”

Xavier bit back a curse and told himself to shut the fuck up. Espe-

cially when a bright sheen dampened her brown gaze. He jerked his

head away from the sight of her pity and squeezed his eyes shut. Joy,

laughter, passion—those were the emotions he loved to see light her

lovely face. He even preferred anger to pity.

He’d almost believed the acidic bitterness he’d existed with for a

year had loosened its hold. After last night, he’d been stupid as shit to

surrender to the tentative hope that the hurt, shame, and anger were

in the past, burned away by the welcoming heat of Gwendolyn’s arms

and pussy.

86

Naima Simone

When she’d kissed each of his scars with gentle tenderness, he’d

gritted his teeth and felt his jaw tighten. At first he wanted to rip free

of his binds and shove her away. He hadn’t wanted to be reminded

of the network of puckered flesh that marred his chest and abdomen.

But with each pass of her lips, his body had hardened and his heart—

his soul—had softened.

She’d accomplished the impossible.

She’d made him forget.

But now, as the old emotions of pain, rejection, and loneliness re-

turned like a millstone around his neck, truth slapped him in the face

with the clarity of an ice-cold bucket of water.

Gwendolyn might —might— be able to look past his disfigure-

ment, but no one else would. Just as Evelyn hadn’t been able to. And

while he may be capable of coming to grips with that realization, the

ugly, cowardly fear that one day Gwendolyn would regret having

him by her side, be ashamed to walk next to him in public, where

people pointed and whispered…that he could not abide.

Nor could he allow the pleasure of the past two nights blind him

to the reason Gwendolyn stood in this place with him. He’d black-

mailed her. Yes, he accepted that she cared about him, but affection

and love weren’t the same things. And in this idyllic setting, away

from the outside world, he could so easily delude himself into pre-

tending they were.

Evelyn had taught him the harsh lesson of believing in fairy tales.

“That bitch.”

The furious growl startled him. He swung his head back to stare

down at Gwendolyn’s infuriated features. Her eyebrows formed a

deep V, and the sensual curve of her mouth flattened into an angry

slash.

“That disloyal, traitorous bitch.”

He shrugged. “Could you really blame—”

“Stop it. ”

And he did, shocked once again by the vehemence in her voice.

“What, Xavier? Because of one heartless woman—and I use that

term lightly—you use your face as some kind of ‘I’ll fuck you before

you fuck me’?” She thumped a balled fist into his chest. “How dare

you.”Stunned, he couldn’t respond to the accusation or the language.

What the hell was she talking about?

87

Loving the Beast

“I don’t give a damn about your ex or your friends.” She sneered

the word, her disgust telegraphing her opinion of those he used to

call by the same term. “How they react out of their petty shallowness

is their shame, not yours. What pisses me off is how you wield your

appearance like some kind of weapon to prove to them they’re cruelty

doesn’t hurt. When it clearly does. Don’t deny it,” she snapped, glar-

ing up at him when he parted his lips to do just that.

“Xavier.” The ferocity that had suffused her face bled away.

Gwendolyn shifted forward, cupped his cheek, and swept a thumb

over his damaged cheek. The caress rocked him, cauterized the bleed-

ing wound in his soul. He shuddered. “Xavier,” she repeated, and he

opened eyes he hadn’t realized he’d closed. “No, you’re not perfect

anymore. And I thank God for it.” Her voice cracked then steadied. “I

love that scar. It means you survived; you’re alive and here with me.

You could be—”

“Baby,” he murmured and dragged her into his arms. The fresh,

vanilla scent of her shampoo surrounded him as he buried his face in

her light curls. Her arms encircled his waist and squeezed so hard, he

marveled at her strength.

In that moment, shame again assailed him. But this time he at-

tributed the guilt to his selfishness and ingratitude. Since the accident,

he’d railed at God for leaving him in such a broken, lonely state. He’d

been so resentful, it had colored every aspect of a life he used to enjoy.

Even after the grief of his father’s death had passed, his anger had

never extinguished.

It had taken Gwendolyn to reveal who he’d become. Someone so

consumed with what he’d lost, he’d never realized and appreciated all

that he still had. Someone so embittered, he’d measured his value by

others’ opinions and on something as shallow and fleeting as appear-

ance. Someone so cold, he’d extorted the body of a woman who would

have freely given him her friendship.

Someone his father would have been ashamed of.

“I’m so sorry,” he rasped, and he couldn’t say if he apologized to

her or to the man who had taught him the meaning of manhood and

integrity.

She tightened her embrace. The wild curls he adored brushed his

chin and cheek as she tipped her head back to search his face. “Prove

it,” she whispered.

Xavier released her. Inhaled. And lifted his arms behind his head.

In seconds, he freed his hair from the rubber band. He didn’t miss the

88

Naima Simone

slight widening of her eyes or the pleasure that entered the chocolate-

brown depths as the heavy strands fell forward to frame his face.

Her delight scoured away the last of his doubt and trepidation.

Damn if he didn’t want to preen under her blatant admiration.

Yeah, he had it bad.

She rose on her tiptoes and pressed soft, full lips to his. He cap-

tured her mouth and slanted his head to bury his tongue deeper. Her

sweetness took him under, and like a drug addict after that first hit,

he knew he would always chase this woman for more of her special,

addictive taste.

He tore his mouth away and slicked his tongue across his bottom

lip, savoring her flavor. A groan rumbled from his throat. How could

he want this much?

“Turn around, baby,” he ordered, gripping her waist. Without the

slightest hesitation, Gwendolyn complied and allowed him to guide

her to one of the towering trees that filled the grove. After flattening

her hands on the thick trunk, he covered her hands with his and low-

ered his head to nuzzle the curve of her ear.

“So beautiful,” he said and nipped the earlobe. “So strong.” A kiss

to the skin behind her ear. “So generous.”

“Xavier.” She shivered.

“Shh… I have you.” Her jacket didn’t prove a barrier as he slid his

hands up her arms, down the sides of her body, and under her shirt.

His cock jerked in his pants as he cradled her full breasts. She shud-

dered in his arms, a sharp cry breaking free as he pinched the stiff

nipples between his fingers.

Her hips bucked, and he ground his dick into the sweet curves of

her jeans-covered ass. Shit, he needed in her. Bad.

He slid a hand down her stomach. The firm muscles contracted

under his touch, and her gasp echoed in the quiet glade. In seconds,

he’d loosened the button, lowered the zipper, and found heaven.

“Oh fuck,” he swore, the sound raw even to his ears. “You’re so

wet, your pussy is dripping into my hand.” He dragged two fingers

through the smooth folds until he encountered the engorged bundle

of nerves crowning the top of her sex. “I’ll never get tired of feeling

you cream for me.”

Placing an open-mouth kiss to the underside of her jaw, Xavier

razed her skin with his teeth as he circled her clit with damp fingers.

Over and over, he teased and stroked the swollen button, drawing

more erotic cries from her throat. He released his last hold on her

89

Loving the Beast

breast, shoved her jeans and panties down her hips, and thrust two

fingers in the rippling pussy.

“Oh God, please,” she pleaded, her back arching. She curled her

fingers against the bark of the tree.

“Dammit, Gwendolyn,” he growled, “you’re so tight, so hot.” The

strong walls of her sex clamped down on his fingers and milked them

as if they were his cock. His breath labored in his chest, and as he

withdrew and drove back inside the snug channel, his cock throbbed,

his balls drew tight, and the base of his spine tingled with impending

release.

A broken sob escaped her lips, and she quaked in his embrace.

Every grind of her hips as she rode his fingers and each “please” she

whispered were like gifts. No woman had ever responded to his touch

like Gwendolyn did. Even before the accident that had ripped his face

open. Not even Evelyn had unraveled with such uninhibited pleasure

as the woman pleading for him to make her come. Her abandon was

every bit as sexy as her mouth on his cock. Maybe more.

“I have you, baby.” He pressed another kiss to her jaw and neck.

“Come for me. Hard. Don’t hold anything back,” he demanded and

plied her clit with firm passes of his thumb. Her pussy received short,

steady thrusts that her hips worked hard to keep up with. Her con-

stant litany of cries incited his pace and lust. “That’s it, baby. Fuck my

fingers. I want them soaked from your pussy.” His growl of approval

seemed to inflame her further, as Gwendolyn spread her slim thighs

and rode his hand with abrupt, rough movements.

Her sex flooded his hands, coating them in her thick, creamy es-

sence. That’s what he wanted. What he needed. Muttering a harsh

curse, Xavier executed a rapid succession of firm strokes to her clit

with the pad of his thumb and plunged his fingers deep into her spas-

ming vise of a pussy.

Gwendolyn seized in his embrace, climaxing with a scream that

seemed to echo in the air. And he loved it.

“Take it, baby,” he urged, strumming her clit and thrusting faster

into the milking channel. “Don’t stop, Gwendolyn. Take every bit of

it.” For several long moments, she convulsed in his arms, riding out

the storm, until small shudders and whimpers remained. Shit, her liq-

uid heat blistered his hand.

With a raw moan, he removed his touch from her quivering flesh

and lifted his fingers to his lips. The last thing he wanted was to aban-

don her pussy, but the need to taste what he’d fingered rode just as

90

Naima Simone

hard. Sliding the soaked digits deep into his mouth, he sucked her

juice clean.

As she sagged in his arms, Xavier encircled her hips with an arm

to hold her up. His cock demanded release; he felt almost crazed.

He shifted her body and guided her hips farther back. With a hard

tug, he pulled her jeans lower and then pushed her legs wider apart.

Her beautiful, round ass kept a stranglehold on his attention. In sev-

eral hasty moments, he attacked the zipper of his pants and freed his

aching cock. The rigid length pulsed in his fist. Shifting forward, he

then gripped her hip and pressed the swollen cockhead to her shad-

owed cleft and slowly—savoring the initial sensation of flesh against

flesh—surged upward.

Oh fuck. Her mocha ass cheeks parted with the thrust of his dick

and surrounded his paler, hard flesh. The sight grabbed his balls and

squeezed, shoving him closer to the edge of orgasm. Gwendolyn

whimpered and circled her hips, stroking his cock. He tightened his

grip on her hip, and she complied with the unspoken command, bow-

ing deeper at the waist.

“God yes, baby,” he whispered. He bent his knees, drew back,

then thrust forward into the sweetest, hottest fist of flesh. He groaned,

bent over Gwendolyn, and pressed his forehead into her shoulder

blade. Her tight pussy created a perfect, heated glove for his cock. One

day he wanted her breasts like this, he thought, as he withdrew and

thrust forward again. Except on the upstroke, she would fit her plump

lips around his head and suck the spill of cum off of it. The thought

caused his hips to jerk harder, piston faster, sink deeper.

Sounds of sex filled the air. The slap of flesh against flesh. The soft

cries and harsh groans. The wet suction and release of his cock fuck-

ing her pussy.

“Oh God,” she sobbed. “Xavier, please.”

His breath burned his chest and throat. Sweat prickled under his

arms and at the back of his neck. The base of his spine tingled, and his

balls tightened as a release that threatened to take his mind loomed

closer. Together, he thought, as he thrust his dick into her pussy. We’ll

do this together. He dipped a hand between her legs and pressed his

thumb to her clit. Hard.

For the second time, Gwendolyn came apart in his arms.

“Fuck,” he rasped, and the accompanying moan contained all the

need and lust that raged inside him.

91

Loving the Beast

He jerked back. He reached inside his jacket pocket, snatched a

tissue free, and covered his cockhead while stroking the hard length.

The animalistic growl that rumbled from his chest caught him by

surprise as the first jet of semen erupted from his dick. He felt raw,

primal, and the power of the orgasm reduced him to single-syllable

swear words and grunts of pleasure.

As the last shudder eased over his body, he closed his eyes and

turned his head. His cheek rested against her shoulder. He breathed

her in.

God, it didn’t get any better than this.

“Take me home.”

He stood corrected.

“Take me home.” The words echoed in his head as he cleaned them

up and readjusted their clothing. They rocked him the short ride back

to the house. Even if the words had been a slip of the tongue or a turn

of phrase, she’d thought of his house as “home.”

Hope, that until now he hadn’t allowed to take root, sprouted in

his heart. And for the first time, he didn’t strike it back down.

They hurried through cooling Marian down, brushing her free of

any dirt and tangles, and stored the riding gear against the rear wall of

the stable. It seemed as if Gwendolyn was as eager as he to finish the

task and continue what they’d shared in the quiet glade. To reinforce

the small bridge of trust and healing that had been erected.

Hell, he just wanted her like a fat kid wanted cake.

His lips quirked at the unadorned but honest thought. Not exactly

romantic, but damn, he couldn’t wait to lick every inch of her coffee-

and-cream skin. He wanted to gorge himself on her again and then go

back for another round.

Again with the gluttony analogies.

Xavier glanced down at her as they climbed the shallow steps to

the porch and approached the front door. As she reached out for the

handle, he covered her hand with his. She paused and, glancing up,

arched a brow. He didn’t immediately respond to the silent question,

but instead, leaned forward and grazed her temple with a light kiss.

“Forgive me,” he whispered. The words swelled in his chest and

spilled out before he realized the intent to utter them.

Her forehead crinkled with a frown. “Okay,” she agreed, then

paused. “What am I forgiving you for?”

He smiled and shook his head. “Most people would ask the ques-

tion first.” The smile fell away, and he lifted a hand to the delicate line

92

Naima Simone

of her jaw. Running the backs of his fingers over her soft skin, he mur-

mured, “For hurting you. Never have I thought of you as less than

the beautiful, proud, giving woman you are. But I know my actions

didn’t say that. I disrespected you out of my own insecurity and bit-

terness because I didn’t believe you could possibly want me. I regret

that fucking bargain now. More than you know.”

“I don’t.” Gwendolyn’s soft reply shocked him. He stiffened, cer-

tain he’d heard wrong. She turned to face him and tilted her head back

to meet his eyes. The tender emotion in her brown gaze set his heart

to beat in a pounding, deafening rhythm. “Every feverish hour spent

driving here, every hurt feeling, every urge to drop-kick you”—she

smiled at his snort—”was worth that ‘fucking bargain.’ If it brought

me to this moment with you, I’d do it over again in a heartbeat.”

Jesus. He squeezed his eyes shut as so many feelings churned

in his chest and surged up to his throat. Wonder. Hope. Fear. They

choked him, driving the breath from his body.

“Baby—”

“Xavier.”

He jerked his head up at the melodious, cultured voice. On some

vague level, he was aware of Gwendolyn’s small gasp as she whirled

around to face the door that had opened behind them. The sound

seemed to reach him from a great distance, as everything around him

faded to an indistinct blur, and only the slender, dark-haired woman

standing in the doorway remained in sharp focus.

The last time he’d seen her, she’d stood in their apartment, naked

and trembling under the silk robe she’d dragged on after he’d caught

her having sex with a man in their bed.

“Evelyn.”

93





Chapter Nine


Evelyn.

Gwendolyn stared at the elegant, beautiful woman who stood in

the foyer. The slight smile curving her lips and the gleam in her sky

blue eyes emanated a confident assurance of her welcome. And re-

turn.At some point after she’d appeared, their unlikely trio had moved

into the house. It was a foggy blur. The only things in sharp focus

were Gwendolyn’s uncertainty and increasing dread that steadily

leached the joy from her heart.

Here stood the woman Xavier had been prepared to marry. And

it didn’t take a Rhodes Scholar to deduce that if she had shown up

at his home unannounced, clad in a formfitting dress that probably

cost more than Gwendolyn’s entire wardrobe, the ex had arrived to

change her status.

She did a mental comparison of her windblown hair, loose jacket,

jeans, and scuffed boots to Evelyn’s smooth chignon, wraparound

94

Naima Simone

sheath, and knee-high stiletto boots—and wished she hadn’t. God,

she must look like a street urchin next to her lady-of-the-manor ap-

pearance.

Evelyn moved forward in a sensuous glide, her smile deepening

with an intimacy that made Gwendolyn alternate between weeping

and desiring to claw the woman’s eyes out. He’s mine, she wanted to

shout. You forfeited your future with him, and now he’s mine. But she

remained quiet. Even when the statuesque beauty bypassed her as if

she weren’t there and approached a motionless Xavier. Shock, fury,

and grief had stolen her voice, leaving her powerless to watch the

drama unfold before her.

Like a horrible train wreck, Gwendolyn pivoted, unable to not

watch. Helpless but entranced as the man she loved reunited with his

former fiancée.

“Xavier,” she greeted him again in a warm voice that seemed to

Gwendolyn just short of a purr. “It’s so good to see you.”

Stone-faced, eyes shards of flint, he’d reverted to the cold stranger

of a week ago. He closed the front door with a decisive thud, his gaze

never leaving Evelyn’s face. His closed expression revealed neither

anger nor welcome, resentment nor delight. Just…nothing.

“Evelyn,” he repeated. “What are you doing here?”

The hard tone halted her progress, and she paused, the arms she’d

lifted descending back to her sides. Gwendolyn detected the slight

stiffening of her spine, and she realized that the other woman had

expected Xavier to receive her with open arms. With herculean effort,

Gwendolyn didn’t cross the room and squeeze herself between the

former lovers in order to protect Xavier from this woman’s selfishness

and conceit. She’d cast him aside as if the years they’d been together

hadn’t mattered—like he hadn’t mattered. Like she hadn’t scarred

him worse than a mere mark on his face.

No, Evelyn had inflicted a far more damaging wound. She’d ex-

ecuted the death blow to his confidence, colored how he viewed the

world and people in it. And it had been worse because the strike had

come from someone he’d trusted. He’d loved.

What a fool.

If she’d had Xavier’s love, his trust, Gwendolyn would harm her-

self before causing him pain.

“I came to see you. I’ve missed you,” she replied, and Gwendolyn

almost believed the sincerity lacing the claim. Evelyn placed a mani-

cured hand on his chest, over his heart, and Gwendolyn’s nails bit into

95

Loving the Beast

her palms, the sting reminding her she couldn’t slap the offending

touch away.

“Really.” He arched an eyebrow. “How did you know I was

here?”

“Your mother told me.”

A twist of his lips. “Of course.” Finally he took a step back, and

Evelyn’s hand fell from him as the fist around Gwendolyn’s heart re-

leased its tight grip. “Well, you’re here. Say what you came to get off

your chest so I can get on with my day.”

If possible, her spine stiffened even further. But her tone remained

even, confident.

“Can we have a little”—she glanced over her shoulder and pinned

Gwendolyn with a look that stated she was very aware of her pres-

ence—”privacy? This is between you and me.”

As if remembering she stood there with them, a silent observer,

Xavier lifted his penetrating gaze to Gwendolyn. Until that moment,

she hadn’t admitted to herself that she retained a tiny hope that he

would… God, she didn’t know. Tell Evelyn to get the hell out? Tell

her…tell her he loved someone new? Gwendolyn?

One look in his eyes, and she threw those hopes away like yester-

day’s garbage.

He intended on meeting with her. And after that…?

“I’ll head upstairs,” Gwendolyn murmured and wondered how

the primal scream in her chest remained contained. Why the pristine

hardwood floors weren’t smeared with her blood as it pumped from

the gash in her heart. “Excuse me.”

She spun on her heel, crossed the foyer, and climbed the steps.

The deal entailed seven days, her mind reminded her, not a lifetime.

No promises of happily ever after.

Too bad her foolish heart had started to believe in them.

“W

***

asn’t that Joshua’s fiancée?”

Xavier folded his arms over his chest and stared at the woman

whom, at one time, he’d planned a life with. Seven months hadn’t

wrought any changes. Still beautiful, classy, sexy. Still unable to look

him fully in the face.

No, their time apart hadn’t brought changes in her, but it had

worked wonders for him. Her sudden appearance should have set off

96

Naima Simone

a chain reaction of anger, insecurity, resentment, and pain. Instead it

elicited only curiosity and irritation over the interruption in his life.

Gwendolyn had done that for him, he realized. He wouldn’t have

thought it possible, but her unconditional acceptance had healed

him. An image of her eyes as she caressed his scar and admitted she

thanked God for it rose to mind.

Yes, she’d performed a miracle, and he had only to look inside

himself to marvel at the wonder of it.

“Gwendolyn.” He supplied her name, resting his spine against

the mantel. “And no, since my brother died three years ago, Gwendo-

lyn is not Joshua’s fiancée.”

Evelyn flicked her fingers in an impatient gesture. “You know

what I mean, Xavier.” She frowned. “What is she doing here?”

“The better question,” he countered, cocking his head, “is what

are you doing here? She was invited. You, on the other hand, were

not.”Her calm, sophisticated facade wavered for a quick moment

before reassuming its placid, pleasant lines. Too late, though. He’d

glimpsed the annoyance beneath. Inside he smiled. Good. He had no

desire to be vindictive, but now she seemed to grasp that he wasn’t

some desperate, lovesick sap thankful to be blessed by her presence.

The woman who held the power to bring him to his knees occu-

pied a room upstairs. And the need to be with her ached like an open

wound.

He fixed a stare on Evelyn and didn’t care if his impatience was

reflected in his gaze. “I don’t have the time or the patience for twenty

questions. Spill it or leave.”

“I deserve your anger.” She drew closer to him, her clear blue

eyes dark with regret. “Yell at me. Call me a bitch. I’ve earned every

bit of it.”

“How magnanimous of you.”

“Honey,” she whispered and settled a slender hand on his arm.

He unfolded and dropped it, but it didn’t deter her. As in the foyer,

she placed it on his chest. At one time the same gesture and sexy pout

could have wheedled anything out of him. Now it left an urge to re-

move her touch. “Please. I know I hurt you. I made a horrible mistake.

But please, give me a chance to make it up to you. I’ve been miserable

without you. We were so good together, and I was a fool to throw it

away so carelessly. Please,” she pleaded again, voice soft. She low-

97

Loving the Beast

ered her gaze to his chest, the very picture of demure contrition. “Give

me—us—another try. We are worth it.”

“Evelyn.” He waited until she returned her gaze to his. “Look at

me.”Confusion crossed her lovely features at his low command. “What

do—”

“Look at me.”

Comprehension dawned. A spasm of what could only be defined

as dismay rippled across her face. She peeked at his scar, glanced

away, and met his eyes once more. It should have stabbed deep, her

distaste. And on some level, it did sting. He couldn’t imagine witness-

ing the horror-tinged expressions on people’s faces as they stared into

his would ever cease to hurt. But dampening it would be the memory

of Gwendolyn trailing kisses over every inch of the puckered flesh,

worshipping it as if it were precious instead of disgusting.

He could bear the slight pain with that vision offsetting it.

“Xavier, I—”

“That’s what I thought,” he murmured. “How can we have a fu-

ture when you can’t even bear to look me in the face? Do you think it’s

going to disappear? This”—he encircled her wrist, lifted her palm to

his cheek, and set her skin against it—”is me.”

She snatched her hand away as if his skin had singed her flesh.

Evelyn shuffled backward, the awkward gesture incongruous with

the urbane image she projected. His scrutiny lowered, and he noticed

how she rubbed her thumb over the skin he’d pressed to his face, as

if she could wipe the touch away. He doubted his ex-fiancée was con-

scious of the nervous action, but it shouted the truth to him.

“Don’t say that,” she ordered as she turned from him. With a deep

inhalation of breath, she visibly gathered her composure before con-

fronting him again. “It is not you.”

“You’re right,” he agreed and straightened off the mantel, shov-

ing his hands in his pockets. “It isn’t. I’m more than this mark. I’m a

man who still breathes, still works, is learning to laugh again, and still

loves. And wants to be loved. Deserves to be loved.”

“I do love you!”

Xavier shook his head at her husky cry. “You couldn’t have

walked away so easily if you did.”

Fury twisted her features, and he glimpsed a hint of pain behind

the angry mask. In that moment it dawned on him that Evelyn did

care for him as much as she was able to. Though a product of the

98

Naima Simone

same self-entitled upbringing he’d been reared in, she hadn’t benefit-

ed from the love, patience, and humility his parents—especially his

father—had passed on to him. It had counterbalanced the elitism that

existed among his peers.

He sighed and tunneled his fingers through his hair, then gripped

a handful at his nape before dropping his arm back to his side.

“I’m not being vengeful. And I’m not trying to hurt you—”

“But you are!” she broke in. “I cheated on you. I’m sorry about

that. More than you’ll ever know. And I can understand you want to

punish me for it, but for how long? I’m asking you not to do this.”

“Yes, you cheated.” Yet as much as that grated, if their love had

been strong enough, even that could’ve been forgiven in time. “But it

wasn’t the act as much as the reason behind it.” He hardened his voice

when she cut her eyes away from him. Even now she couldn’t—re-

fused to—face the truth. “My face repulsed you so much, the thought

of making love to me drove you to be with another man. That’s not

leaving the toilet seat up. It’s not something we can work on in coun-

seling.”

“Xavier.”

“Don’t.” He didn’t have it in him to be cruel. At some point dur-

ing the past week, love had dulled the sharp edges of his anger toward

this woman. How could he hold a grudge against Evelyn when her ac-

tions—though like a knife in his heart at the time—had propelled him

to this place, this time?

To Gwendolyn.

If she hadn’t ended their engagement, he would have been

trapped in a loveless marriage with a woman who couldn’t bear his

touch, much less love him.

Gwendolyn would have never betrayed him. Never have aban-

doned—

The truth struck him with the force of a blow to the jaw.

She loved him.

Gwendolyn loved him.

Every gesture, word, and look during the past week flew through

his mind at breakneck speed. His gut clenched. His throat worked

as it struggled to swallow the tennis ball-size lump of emotion. Her

laughter as she teased him. Her voice as she’d called him beautiful.

Her uninhibited response to his touch. Her eyes as she’d thanked God

for his scar, his life.

“Shit,” he whispered.

99

Loving the Beast

Awe filled him. Along with a joy so precious, so scary, because

of its sheer power. His heart drummed in his chest, drowning out

everything but its bass reverberations. Evelyn’s lips moved, but he

didn’t catch a word. He didn’t care. If it didn’t involve escaping this

room and getting to the woman upstairs as soon as possible, he didn’t

give a fuck.

“It’s over, Evelyn.” The statement sounded final even to his own

ears, and it brooked no further discussion. “There is no going back.

And I don’t want to. I’ll walk you out.”

He strode forward, and with a light but unyielding grip, guided

her toward the study door.

“It’s her, isn’t it?” she snapped, jerking her arm from his hold. A

sharp bark of laughter pierced the room as her lip curled in a humor-

less smile. “It’s always been her.”

He frowned. “What are you talking about?”

“Give me some credit,” she retorted, bitterness lacing the words.

“Did you believe I didn’t know there was always someone else?”

“What are you talking about?” he repeated, baffled. He held his

palms out as if emphasizing his cluelessness. “I never cheated on

you.”“Right,” she scoffed. “I slept with another man, but he didn’t have

my heart. Yet, then again, I never had yours. Not completely. In some

ways, your infidelity was worse.” When he shook his head, she emit-

ted another of those abrupt cracks of laughter. “I noticed the way you

watched her, Xavier. Ever solicitous of your brother’s fiancée. Always

attentive. God, I was such an idiot.”

Again shock paralyzed him. Her accusations bounced against his

skull like a demented ping-pong ball. Jesus. Had he withheld part of

himself from Evelyn the four years they’d been together? He hadn’t…

Yes. He had. For more than half his life, Gwendolyn had been an

integral presence. First as a little sister, then as a friend, and finally…

finally as the woman who had healed his soul with her loveliness,

laughter, and light.

Damn. He rubbed a hand over his face and curved it around the

back of his neck.

Gwendolyn had become entrenched in his heart as a nine-year-

old child, and as she’d grown, she claimed a bit more. And then a bit

more. Until he couldn’t seem to remember a time when she hadn’t

owned a piece of him.

100

Naima Simone

He lifted his gaze to Evelyn’s face, drawn in tight lines of anger.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t realize.”

“Is that supposed to make it better?” She made a sound of disgust

and waved his apology off. “I don’t need your ‘I’m sorry.’ I walked

into it with my eyes wide open, believing we could be happy. And we

would have.”

“Maybe for a little while,” he conceded gently. “But not indefi-

nitely. In the end, you would’ve been hurt far worse. And hated me

for it.”

“I was willing to take that chance.”

Silence loomed between them as they faced each other, former

lovers, almost life partners. The past weighed heavily, and he was

ready to shut the door on it and go to the woman who was his future.

“It’s ironic,” Evelyn murmured. “Neither of you realized how the

other felt, and yet you somehow ended up together anyway.”

He stiffened. Shit. He felt like he’d woken up in an alternate uni-

verse, where every time he turned around, another revelation kicked

him in the teeth.

“Explain.”

She hesitated, as if she considered refusing his demand. After sev-

eral tense moments, the stubborn set of her mouth softened, and she

sighed. Her lashes lowered until only a narrow blue strip remained

visible. “The night Joshua died, I overheard him and Gwendolyn.

She…” Evelyn paused, cleared her throat, then continued. “She broke

off their engagement—”

“She what?” He hadn’t heard right. He couldn’t have. Gwendo-

lyn had never mentioned calling the wedding off.

Evelyn nodded and met his gaze. “She broke off their engage-

ment,” she repeated. “Joshua erupted, called her names. Accused her

of loving you, and she didn’t deny it.”

“Oh God,” he whispered, his breath a harsh razor over the lining

of his throat even as a fist tightened, shutting off all air to his lungs.

Like a drunken sailor, he spun around and lurched toward the closed

door. He gripped the knob, twisted it, and flung the door open.

“Let yourself out,” he tossed over his shoulder as he crossed the

foyer and bound up the stairs at a dead run.

101





Chapter Ten


The minutes seemed to tick by like hours. Logic reasoned that

twenty-three—Gwendolyn glanced over at the gold-framed clock on

the bedside table—twenty-four minutes had passed since she’d left

Xavier with Evelyn. But it might as well as have been an eternity.

After the first ten minutes, she’d abandoned her vigil on the win-

dow seat. Evelyn’s sleek Aston Martin parked in the circular drive

hadn’t moved, and every second it remained impelled Gwendolyn

closer and closer to the edge of paranoia.

Her imagination had supplied several scenarios, each one worse

than the last.

Xavier hearing Evelyn out, then escorting her out the door.

Xavier listening to Evelyn’s pleas of forgiveness, accepting them,

then kissing her farewell before she left the house.

Xavier wiping away Evelyn’s tears as she begged him to come

back to her, him telling her that of course he had missed her desper-

102

Naima Simone

ately, and then the pair surrendering to passion right there on the

floor.“Damn.” She groaned and dug her fingers through her hair,

sweeping the curls away from her face. Like a glutton for punishment,

she stepped in front of the wall mirror and stared. The curls tumbled

down in a wild, burnished mass. So unlike Evelyn’s smooth, stylish

chignon, it made her cringe.

The other woman embodied the cultured, moneyed world Xavier

moved and lived in. She was the accomplished hostess he required for

business dinners. The connected socialite who could trace her family

roots back to the Mayflower. And Gwendolyn… Gwendolyn was…

The woman who loved him.

In the mirror, her brown eyes narrowed, turned fierce.

Yes, Evelyn might belong to Boston’s elite, but Xavier belonged to

her. Gwendolyn could give Xavier laughter, passion, tenderness, and

a swift kick in the ass if he needed one. In the last week, she’d done it

all, and God willing, she would continue for the next fifty plus years.

Shaking off the melancholy and self-pity like a fingernail-biting

habit, she wheeled away from the mirror and headed toward the bed-

room door. Twenty-four—another quick glance at the clock—twenty-

eight minutes should be long enough for the other woman to unload

her guilt and apologies. It’d better be, because she sure as hell refused

to stand by and hand-deliver Xavier over to his ex without coming

clean herself. Time to admit everything. About Joshua. His death.

Her love for him.

The thought of his reaction caused a vise to grip her stomach and

tighten. But she breathed through it. She couldn’t —wouldn’t— allow

that to deter her. At least if he sent her home, it wouldn’t be as the

coward she’d been for the last ten years—first with Joshua and then

with him. She’d been held captive by fear and insecurity far too long.

Xavier wasn’t her mother. He wasn’t—

The door swung open. The wood bounced against the wall, and

her heart lodged in her throat. She bit back the squeak of surprise,

but couldn’t prevent her eyes from widening at Xavier’s sudden and

dramatic appearance.

His name hovered on her lips but remained there, unspoken, as

he entered the room and shut the door behind him with a quiet click

that seemed more ominous than his arrival.

Shock hadn’t released its cold grip, and she imagined how she

appeared to him—a frozen statue, lips parted, eyes as wide as sau-

103

Loving the Beast

cers. The austere lines of his face revealed nothing. But his eyes. Whoa.

They betrayed what seethed behind the stern mask. The green fire

blazed, and for an insane moment, she believed she felt the lick of

flames over her face and throat.

What the hell had happened downstairs?

“I have a question, and I want you to answer it.” The low com-

mand arrowed an uneasy shiver down her spine. “Yes or no. Do you

understand?”

She nodded, loath to disagree given his present state.

“Did you call off the wedding and break off the engagement to

Joshua the night he died?”

She gasped. Nausea cramped her stomach and rolled over her like

the tide, threatening to suck her under. Black, fuzzy dots appeared in

her peripheral vision. The air in the room thinned, disappeared, and

damn, she was going to faint.

“Gwendolyn.” The razor-sharp voice lashed out at her and cleared

her head like an arctic blast. In seconds, the dark edges to her vision

receded, and she could breathe again. Her heart slowed to a some-

what normal rate, but the nausea lingered, as did the twisted knots in

her stomach.

She met his bright stare. “Yes.”

“Why?”

Why? Moments ago she’d been ready to confess all, but now…

now that the time had arrived, dread constricted her chest like a steel

band. The courage she had gathered seemed to trickle away like water

circling down a drain. God, he had the power to crush her…

“I couldn’t.” She shook her head and held her arms out, palms up,

as if she didn’t have anything else to offer him. “I’d convinced myself I

could go through with the wedding and the marriage, but sitting there

at the rehearsal dinner, I knew I couldn’t. Not when…” She faltered,

and her heart pounded so hard, she feared it would burst out of her

chest. “When I couldn’t give him what he deserved from a wife.”

“What, Gwendolyn?” He took a step forward. His gaze bored into

her, commanding the truth. “What did he deserve?”

“Love. Honesty. Fidelity,” she confessed, allowing her arms to fall

to her sides. “I might not have betrayed him physically, but he didn’t

own my heart. I told you that we had agreed to abstain from sex a year

before our marriage. The truth was I couldn’t have sex with Josh any

longer. It damaged something inside of me every time. Not only was I

deceiving him, but I felt sick with guilt.” She splayed her fingers over

104

Naima Simone

her stomach. “In the long run, I would have made him miserable, and

I couldn’t do that to him. Even though I didn’t love him as a lover and

wife, he was still the best friend I had.”

“Who did you love?” Xavier moved so fast, her breath caught in

her throat. One moment he’d been several feet away, and the next he

loomed over her, her face cradled between his large palms. He stroked

her cheekbones with his thumbs, the caress firm and demanding. “Tell

me, Gwen.”

Gwen. Hope surged, hard and fierce. He’d called her Gwen.

“You,” she whispered. “I love you.”

He moaned her name into her mouth as he crushed his lips to

hers. Teeth collided, tongues tangled, lips suckled. He feasted on

her like a starving man at a banquet. Equally hungry, she cuffed his

wrists, rose on her tiptoes, and claimed him even as he took from her.

“Baby,” he murmured, scattering kisses over her chin and jaw.

The hoarse endearment was all he uttered before returning to her

mouth and plunging deep, tongue sweeping the interior with a vora-

cious groan.

Gwendolyn loosed his wrists and squeezed her arms between his

to wrap him in a tight embrace. She clung to him, pressing her breasts

to his hard chest. The rigid column of his erection nudged the flesh

between her thighs, and she rolled her hips against it, the sweet ache

radiating from her pussy to every limb.

“Xavier.” She dragged her mouth away from his. Her breath burst

from her lungs as she buried her face in the crook between his neck

and shoulder.

“Why didn’t you tell me, baby?” He released her face, but as if he

couldn’t bear to stop touching her, he cupped her nape and gripped

her waist.

She lifted her head and shook it. “I thought you would blame me

for his death. I did.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Josh was so angry that night.” She lowered her lashes as images

of that night, so clear even three years later, scrolled across her mind’s

eye. “Not that I blamed him. I’d hurt him so horribly. I hated myself

for a long time for inflicting that pain. When he left, he wasn’t rational.

If I hadn’t ended the engagement, he wouldn’t have been so upset. He

wouldn’t have died that night…”

105

Loving the Beast

Her voice trailed off as she admitted her secret guilt. Silence per-

meated the room. Each second that ticked by seemed like a lifetime,

and she couldn’t bear not knowing his reaction. She opened her eyes.

And stared into the face of redemption.

A soft cry escaped her lips. She bowed her head and leaned for-

ward until her forehead bumped his chin.

“I was so scared,” she rasped, voice hoarse with the weight of

unshed tears. “So scared you would hold me responsible.”

“Gwen. Baby.” Xavier pinched her chin and tilted her head back,

forcing her to look at him. “Joshua’s accident was a senseless tragedy.

No one is to blame. For three years you’ve been a prisoner of a shame

that didn’t belong to you. If you had come to me, I would have never

let you bear that burden alone.”

Again she shook her head. “That would have been incredibly un-

fair. You were with Evelyn and dealing with your younger brother’s

death. How could I tell you that I had broken up with Josh the night

before our wedding because I loved you?”

“How could you not?”

The quiet question arrested her. Set her pulse off in a rapid beats.

Doubt veered toward hope. Hope edged toward joy.

“Your turn,” she insisted and delivered the same demand he’d is-

sued minutes earlier. “Tell me.”

“I love you.” Xavier speared his fingers through her curls, gripped

her head tight, and demanded her undivided attention. “I loved you

when I had no right to. Even when I felt guilty as hell for wanting you,

I did.” He gave her head a small shake. “You’ve pulled me back from

the abyss, Gwen. I have hope when a week ago I was hopeless. I look

in your eyes, and believe I can be the man I once was. And the person

I could be for you. With you.”

“I’ve dreamed of you saying this to me.” She touched his jaw, his

lips, the precious, precious scar. “I never thought my dreams would

come true.”

Xavier lowered his head and brushed a kiss over her mouth. Joy

filled her, spilled over in breathless laughter.

“I love you,” she vowed and reached up to cradle his cheek. “So,

where do we go from here?”

A blinding smile spread wide over his face, stunning in its beauty.

“Why, that’s simple, baby,” he murmured, and she melted at the

tenderness reflected in his eyes. “We live happily ever after.”

106

Biography

I was born the daughter of a sharecropper…okay, maybe not. But

I am the daughter of a pastor from whom I inherited my love of ro-

mance. The man can preach a mean Song of Solomon! (There’s that

plug, Daddy! You can pay me later!)

Although my first book starred a cucumber named Fred, my

first romance came several years later in the seventh grade when I

wrote myself as a heroine opposite Ralph Tresvant from New Edition.

Through the power of my pen and imagination, Ralph took one look

across a crowded stadium, met my dark, mysterious gaze, fell pas-

sionately in love and serenaded me in front of millions of fans. Out of

all the girls in the world, he chose me! And, of course we lived hap-

pily ever after—once we had the inevitable fight, aka black moment,

and made up with a passionate declaration of love and fidelity. This

same story reincarnated itself many times over the years: with Donnie

Wahlberg from New Kids on the Block, Brad Pitt, Denzel Washington,

and as recently as last night, Vin Diesel.

Though the characters have changed, my love of love has en-

dured. Shaping the lives of the unique men and women who experi-

ence the first, hungry bites of lust, the dizzying heights of passion

and the tender, healing heat of love— nothing compares to it. Except

maybe discovering new material for love scenes with my husband,

the head of Research & Development!

.





