Tempting in Stilettos


Contemporary Romance





Nana Malone





Sankofa Girl





Contents


Dedication

BACK COVER

The Club Prestige Collection



Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19



Epilogue

Thank You

Nana Malone Reading List

Copyright

About the Author





To my beloved Stilettos fans, thank you so much for falling in love with this series and

following it.



* * *



I wish you each your very own pair to give you moxy. Romance the Sass!





BACK COVER





When sexy isn't enough...



* * *



Club Owner, Serena Bennett is ready to have what she's always wanted: Tyson Leigh. It doesn't matter that he's her brother's best friend, or that Ty's only ever seen her as his friend's kid sister.



* * *



That is all about to change. She's taking matters into her own hands and stripping down to nothing more than a little sass and stilettos to bring him to his knees once and for all.





The Club Prestige Collection





Bad King by M. Malone

Tempting in Stilettos

Be My Fantasy by Alisha Rai

Enthrall, A Found by You Novella by Victoria H. Smith

Shaken by Ursula Sinclair



* * *



Join my VIP Preorder List





http://nanamaloneromance.net/teasingpreorder





1





Serena Bennett ran into her office, panting. The damn meeting had run long, and if she didn’t hurry, she would miss him. Seeing Tyson was the only light of her day. And she wasn’t going to miss seeing him today. Okay, she was the first to admit that her crush on her twin brother’s best friend was ridiculous, especially as he never treated her as anything other than that. But everyone deserved at least one vise. Tyson Leigh was hers. After the day she was having, a Tyson fix was just what the doctor ordered.

Her meeting with the other Club Prestige owners had gone over because they were trying to figure out how to deal with a neighborhood group trying to close their doors. There was a new ordinance being put before city counsel leaders. The club had been open for a year and now some stupid, uptight group was trying to shut them down. Fine, so Club Prestige was technically a strip club, but membership was exclusive. They had presidents, and rock stars on their client roster. They weren’t just any strip club. Luckily for them, they had enough powerful clients to fight the closing of their doors, but it was the last thing they needed to deal with. Club Prestige was more than a business to them. For some of them, it was sanctuary.

She looked at the clock and groaned. She was going to miss him if she didn’t hurry. Did she have a cute top? There had to be one in here. She tossed her notebook onto her chair and rummaged through her gym bag. Although she rarely made it to the gym or the studio anymore, she kept a spare change of clothes in there for the occasional coffee spill, or, even more deserving of a cute top, a Tyson sighting. Though, not like she didn't see him three times a week.

She yanked off her top and threw it down on the floor. After fishing through her bag, she found a suitable replacement, a V-neck red T-shirt, and tugged it on. Okay, as cute options went, it wasn't exactly what she was looking for, but at least it was clean. And showed some cleavage. Not that Tyson would ever notice. Because to him, she might as well be his sister. It would take a miracle for him to see her any other way.

"Oh, honey, you didn't have to get changed for me.”

Serena jumped, clutching a hand to her chest. "Shit, Micha. You scared the religion out of me."

Her cousin laughed as she sauntered in from the bathroom. "Is that what the kids are saying now, cuz?"

"Yeah, it'll work for now." Serena wrapped Micha into a hug and squeezed. Her cousin was just the bit of family that Serena was missing. With her brother gone, it was easy to work too much to combat loneliness. She made a mental note to visit Micha in San Diego more often. "How is my favorite cousin? I didn't expect you for another hour."

"Bitch, I'm your only cousin." Micha's trademark sass made Serena smile. "I finished my run early, and my interview was postponed to tomorrow, so I've got the whole day free. Unless of course you're busy now? In which case I can entertain myself handily. I brought my stack of ones, and I'm ready to misbehave."

Serena snorted out a laugh. Micha might pretend like she was in a misbehaving mood, but Serena knew her cousin. Micha was so stupidly in love with her fiancé, Caleb Atkins, it wasn't funny. If Micha did join in any of the fun and festivities in the club's rooms, she would only be doing it to embarrass Serena. As the public face of Club Prestige, Serena maintained a no-nonsense exterior. Considering she was part owner of a strip club, she was hardly any fun.

She preferred to be behind the scenes. She ran a strip club and rarely went into any of the rooms to check out what was happening. Not that she was uncomfortable...exactly. But more that she liked to stay in her lane. Come to work. Manage the books, catch up with Tyson when he was around, and go home...to her boring existence. She had a routine. Keep it low key. Work her ass off to make the club a success. Failure was not an option. Yeah, sad. She really had to get a hobby.

There had been a point when she'd liked to dance. But, outside of the partner dance lessons for Micha’s wedding party, she hadn't done that in years. Not since Aidan had messed up her life. She kept telling herself she'd start again...one of these days. She dragged her attention back to her cousin. "I'm free actually. I just have to hand off this report, make sure Tyson gets paid, and then I'm good for the rest of the afternoon."

Micha grinned. "Tyson, you say? You mean that piece of gorgeous man meat you've been lusting after since we were teenagers?"

"I-I have not been lusting after him." Well, not true, but she wasn't admitting it out loud. "Would you keep your damn voice down? Someone could hear you and get the wrong idea."

"Relax, honey. No one knows. I only know because I've seen him and the way you look at him. I hope me pairing you guys for the dance at the wedding isn't a problem. You’ve got this love jones under control right?"

"Uh...define controlled." From the time she was eight and he’d given Bobby Fink a black eye for stealing her bike, she’d adored him. And when she’d finally discovered boys, she hoped he’d wake up one day and see her as more then X’s little sister. But he never did. Tyson had changed from that gangly kid who broke Bobby’s nose in her honor. He'd filled out and gotten taller. Now, he loomed over her at nearly six foot three. And his laughing green eyes… She'd imagined them a million times looking at her with something other than sisterly affection. Yeah, good luck with that. “And no, not a problem to dance with him. It's about all the physical contact I get these days.”

"Oh, sweetie. How come you've never said anything to him? You guys are older now. And it's no big deal. It's not like he doesn't already know the worst about you."

Serena sagged in her chair. "I know. Not everyone has your kind of confidence and I don’t think power posing is going to help me. I mean, I do for work. Work is easy. Love life, not so much. I would kill to borrow some of that diva strut.”

“You could fake it until you make it. Newsflash, even I don’t have diva strut all the time. I think it’s time for you to get your man.”

Serena shook her head. “After last time, I'm not willing to mess up like that again." She slid a glance over her cousin. Micha was tall, slim, and athletic. She wore her wild mane of curls lioness style, and she had a kick-ass attitude to boot. With her cinnamon skin and gray eyes, she was a knockout. Guys had always flocked to her. She'd never had any issues landing a date.

To be fair, neither had Serena. Male attention wasn't the problem. Picking the right guy was. After too many failed attempts, she was gun-shy. Nerves did not make for a good first date. To make matters worse, she tended to sweat when she was nervous. She knew Tyson, so the nerves manifested in her extreme clumsiness. Serena eyed her cousin's stilettos. "Nice shoes."

Micha cocked her head and winked. "They come with the strut. And you can have one of your very own. We just need to find your sexy mojo. You just have to work it your way."

Serena gestured toward herself. "Oh yeah, because leggings and a T-shirt are strutting attire."

Micha rolled her eyes. "All of that can be fixed."

"If you say so. Let's get this over with, then we can go grab lunch."

"Sure thing."

Serena stood, grabbed her bag and followed Micha out into the dimmed hallway. Her office might have sunlight streaming through, but the club was kept low lit for ambiance.

She led them into the bar and found Tyson writing up the paperwork for their inventory order. Once a week, without fail, he came by to do this. He could send one of his guys, but he always did it himself, insisting that when it came to his best customers, he preferred personal service.

Serena had offered him the alcohol distribution contract when the club opened because he was a friend. But business was booming for him. He didn't need to oversee the account for Club Prestige, but he did it anyway. She figured it was because her brother, Xavier, had asked him to look out for her. When Xavier had moved to New Orleans, he had worried he'd be too far away. Her brother had an overprotective streak that she could never slip loose from. Granted he had good reason to worry. There'd been a time when she'd needed him.

He'd been set to kill Aidan after what he did to her. She'd really leaned on X to get her life back in order. He'd put Tyson in charge of brother duty when he left, and Serena thought she should resent it, but his visits and calls were pretty much the highlight of any day. You. Are. Pathetic.

They rounded the corner and Serena nearly ran over Olivia, one of the owners. The pretty brunette gave her a wide smile. “Hey, sweetie.”

“Hey. Sorry, I wasn’t paying attention. You remember my cousin, Micha don’t you?”

“Sure do. It’s good to see you again.”

“You too.”

Redd, another part owner and sometimes bartender, looked up from the inventory ledger and inclined her head toward Tyson with a wink and a sly smile. Her red locks looking even brighter under the dim lighting. Sometimes it felt like everyone knew how she felt about Tyson…except Ty himself.

He looked up and gave her a wide smile. Her heart stuttered as she tried to formulate coherent words. Luckily, Micha managed that. "Hey, Tyson. Serena was just telling me I might run into you."

"Micha. Well, aren't you a sight for sore eyes?"

"Hey, stranger," Micha said as she hugged him. "Glad I got a chance to run into you."

Tyson gave Micha a flirtatious smile. "How's the bride to be? That fiancé of yours keeping you out of trouble?"

Micha grinned. "Nope. I cause it just about everywhere I go. Serena said you guys are having fun at the dance classes."

She loved Micha. She did. Ever since her aunt and uncle had adopted her cousin, Serena had called Micha a sister. But right now, Serena was going to commit sororicide. Or whatever it was called to kill a cousin. She rushed to hand Tyson his check. "Uh, we're gonna go, but I wanted to give this to you."

She handed over the envelope as carefully as possible so she didn't touch him and linger. Touching him, did all kinds of inappropriate things to her lady parts, and she didn't have a magic bullet handy so...

But Tyson frowned. "What, no hug? And you know you could have waited to give this to me until later."

He fixed her with his clear, emerald-green stare, and she stuttered. "I-I figured you were all hugged out. And you’re here, so might as well."

"Nope." He opened his arms wide.

You can do this, Serena. Go in for the hug. Make it quick. Don't sniff him. Do not lift his shirt and lick his abs. And absolutely no trying to rub yourself all over him. Every single one of those was a fantasy she'd had of late. With a quick clearing of her throat, she hugged him briefly and escaped his hold. Or tried to. He just squeezed tighter. God, it was like he was trying to torture her. The idiot had no clue what he was doing to her.

Except she made her escape a little too quickly and tripped over the leg of the stool. Her ass hit the hard wood with a firm thud. Shit! Right about now a few things could happen—the ground could swallow her up whole, or maybe even better, she could just vanish into thin air. Ooh, or there could be a full rewind, and she could borrow some of Micha's moxie and be cool and calm and collected. Sexy even.

Or none of those things would happen and she'd have to blink up at Tyson's surprised, concerned frown as he reached out a hand to help her up. Fuck my life. From the corner of her eyes, she saw Andie, the club’s head of security coming her way, but Serena gave her a slight shake of her head.

Micha scrambled and snatched up Serena’s purse and the rolling wayward lip gloss she never remembered to put on. "Here you go, sweetie.”

"Thanks," Serena muttered, and took her bag.

Tyson's strong hand enveloped hers and tugged her up as easily as a rag doll. "You okay? You took a hard fall."

From the corner of her eye, she saw the bartender, Jacob, one of the bouncers, Bruce, and one of the dancers, Alex, heading her way, but she put up a hand. "Yep. Fine. Perfectly okay. A bruised ass is hardly cause for concern."

Tyson's gaze narrowed on her face, making heat crawl up her chest and neck, and she wished for her cousin's brown skin.

But oh no, even in the dim light of the bar, he could probably see the deep red flush on her alabaster skin. Damn her pale coloring. "We, uh, we're gonna go. Girl things to do."

"Serena, you're sure you're—"

"I'm cool," she interrupted. The last thing she wanted to see on his face was pity.

Micha came to the rescue. "Not to worry. I'm going to go and feed her endless mimosas and fattening food and we're going to girl talk. See you around, handsome. Caleb wanted you at the bachelor and bachelorette party. You able to go?"

Damn it. Serena bit back a groan. It had slipped her mind she and Tyson had agreed to go to the wedding together since they were both on the guest list and didn’t know too many other people. Now he’d be joining the party as they went to Vegas to celebrate Micha and Caleb’s last days of singlehood. Which meant there was an increased likelihood that she’d drink too much and say too much. Just tell him all the secrets about her feelings.

"I wouldn't miss it." Of course he remembered.

She had to get out of here before she did anything stupid.

"Right. See you next week, Ty."

He frowned. "Did you forget I need your help going over my numbers tomorrow?"

Damn. More close confines, meant more opportunity to humiliate herself. "Yep. Does seven still work?"

"Of course. I'm cooking, so bring your appetite. Have fun today."

Fun…right. Just as soon as she forgot about humiliating herself in front of him.

As Micha hustled her out of the club, her cousin muttered, "Don't worry, that was not as bad as it seemed."

Serena didn’t buy that for a second. “You're my cousin. It's your job to lie to me."



Tyson watched as Serena and Micha strolled out of the club. A smile tugged at his lips when Serena rubbed her butt. God, she is adorable. Clumsy as hell, too, and had been ever since they were kids.

"Yo, man, are you ever going to make a move on that, or am I going to have to swoop in and cock block you there, because she is nice. A little clumsy, but that body… Damn."

Tyson scowled at Mark Robertson, his director of operations. Mark might be one of his best friends, but he really would consider killing him if he went anywhere near Serena. "Leave her alone, Mark."

"Why? Not like you're going to do anything about it. I asked and she doesn't have a boyfriend. Everyone says she hasn't had one in ages. So you know she's got to be primed."

Tyson rolled his eyes. He knew her status better than most. Hell, her single status was one of the reasons Xavier had wanted him to keep an eye on her. That douchewaffle Aidan had done a number on her, and she'd ended up all kinds of burned. He'd make sure it never happened again.

Okay, maybe when Xavier had asked him to look out for Serena, he'd taken that to heart. Just because he couldn't have her didn't mean she didn't deserve happiness. But not from a guy like Mark. And for Tyson, she was so entrenched on the "do not touch" list that he didn't dare go there. It didn’t matter if he’d been in love with her since they were nine. Anything other than the brotherly touching was a no go. And his impulse control was getting worse these days, so he didn't dare touch her. Not her face to brush a strand of her hair back, not her lips to kiss her good night, certainly not full br—yeah…do not touch list.

For starters, he had his own shit to sort. He'd waited a long time to get his life moving again. Five years he'd put his own dreams on hold to look after his father. He'd bided his time. Took over the business. Put off school. Getting involved with Serena right now would set his life back with school and the business. He’d want to spend all his time with her and he couldn’t do that. He had other priorities. She deserved someone with time to dote on her. He knew where his focus was.

But there was also the issue of her owning a strip club. After watching his father run around with strippers since he was a kid, he made himself a promise that he wasn’t going to do the same. None of those women had ever made the old man happy. His father had a type—blonde, big tits and knew how to work a pole. Problem was none of those women stuck. Especially not when the old man got sick. No. The last one had abandoned him amidst cancer treatments. Serena wasn't a stripper obviously, but she was too close to it. Closer than he'd ever be comfortable with. But strip club owner or not, he was protective of her.

As much as he admired Mark, the guy was a notorious womanizer. He couldn't help himself with the girls. It was a problem. Always chasing the bright, shiny new toy. And Serena would get hurt.

It wasn't because Tyson was so desperate to have her himself that he couldn't think straight. Not at all.

For all intents and purposes, Serena wasn’t going to happen. Besides, Xavier, had given him the investment capital to get his father's struggling business off the ground again. Not a good call to repay favors by screwing with someone's little sister.

It still pinched that he'd had to go to his friend for help. Not like Xavier hadn't volunteered and had gotten real pissed off when Tyson had said no. Three times. But eventually Tyson had come to terms with his father's illness and what he had to do to save the business. So he'd accepted the money.

But this week, he'd officially pay off the loan. He'd planned a quick trip out to New Orleans to settle the debt. He obviously could have just sent a check or wired the money, but it would be so much more satisfying doing it in person.

Xavier had never once asked for the money, never hinted at it, never even brought it up. But Tyson knew. It weighed on him every day. Now he was in a position to pay back the gift of a life raft and finally go back to college. He needed to stay focused on that, and not on Serena.

Mark snapped his fingers in front of his friend's face. "Hey, man, you paying attention, or you watching her ass?"

Tyson growled at his friend under his breath. Mark was completely unaffected. "Don't be mad at me just because you haven't yet. Shit or get off the pot."

"You don't know what you're talking about."

"You think I don't notice that you only do this particular inventory and delivery yourself, when I'm perfectly capable of managing it? And don't give me that bullshit about keeping tabs on her or whatever. You and I both know you want her. What I want to know is why you can't seem to pull the trigger already. I mean, the worst she can say is no."

"It's complicated," he muttered.

His friend laughed. "You think her brother’s going to kick your ass? Yo, there are some things worth getting an ass kicking for. And Serena might be one of them."

Mark wasn't wrong there. "Can we just get this done? Besides, there’s more to it than that."

"If you say so. But I warn you, if you don't do something about her, someone else will, and then you'll be standing around with your dick in your hand."

"I can help you with that."

Tyson sighed at the throaty voice behind him. He knew it well. Amber. If that was her real name. She was one of the dancers, and she'd made her interest more than blatant.

"Hi, Amber." Strictly speaking, she was stunning. Tall, stacked and clearly comfortable with her body. But she held no appeal. Zero. He preferred his women more…subtle.

"Tyson, were you going to come and say hi?"

"I didn't know you were working today," he hedged.

She gave him a sweet smile, and he could see why she was one of the more popular dancers. She was an excellent actress. "Oh, come on. I moved my schedule around so I'd be on when you were here."

"Interesting.” That was funny because he'd moved their delivery time earlier so he could still see Serena...and avoid Amber. He'd dated enough girls like her to know they were trouble. Beautiful, and with their own agenda. He would tell her he didn't date strippers, but he didn't want to alienate her. He'd be here a lot because of Serena. Best to keep the peace. "I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I'm working."

"And you have my number, but you never seem to call me when you're not working." She trailed her fingertips up his chest.

He knew the action was supposed to be enticing, but somebody should probably tell his dick that. As annoyed as he was, he wanted to be careful with her feelings. After all, he did value his contract here, even if he didn't need it anymore. And he didn't want to make shit difficult for Serena in any way. "I'm always working. And I'm about to start classes, so there's not a lot of time for dating."

"Who said anything about dating?"

Yeah, who'd said anything? his dick protested in a flicker of interest. It had been a long time since he'd worked out the kinks, three months maybe. Hell, he couldn't remember. And it hadn't been great anyway. Just some girl he'd picked up in a bar. She'd looked like Serena. Maybe that was his problem. He'd slept with her, but the whole thing had left him...unsatisfied. He'd still woken up with that gnawing, craving feeling…and not for the woman in his bed.

"Every woman deserves a guy who wants to shower her with attention. Right now, I'm not that guy." And that was the truth.

Her face fell, but she whispered, "Where the hell were you when I was nineteen?"

Struggling to keep his father above water with the medical bills and keeping the business afloat. He wouldn't have been that guy then either. But he didn't tell her that. "Dunno."

She shifted in her heels as if she didn't know what to do with herself. "Okay. I hear you. Maybe sometime you'll be that guy." Probably not. But again, he kept that to himself. "But, even if you're not that guy, why don't you come by sometime? I'll put you on as my guest, free shows in my room?"

"Maybe sometime."

She sauntered away, and he exhaled.

Mark laughed as he handed him the inventory slip. "My, to be Tyson Leigh for a day. So much pussy thrown your way, you're turning it down. Want to tell me what was wrong with Amber?"

Stripper. Desperate, inauthentic. Not Serena. "Nothing. Just not interested."

He was more excited to see Serena for dinner than at the prospect of seeing Amber naked. Yeah, he knew it. He needed help.





2





"Honestly, Serena, it wasn't that bad. It could have been worse."

Serena knew Micha was trying to be helpful, but she didn't want to hear it. "How? How could that have gone any worse?"

Micha winced. "Well, he could have laughed." She paused. "Like I wanted to."

Serena glared at her, but she couldn't contain the giggle bubbling forth. "Oh my God, if that had been you with Caleb, I would have laughed so hard."

"I know. You're lucky cousin code won over hilarity today. Because it was right there. Hysterical laughter on tap."

Serena covered her face and let the hooting, cackling cry take over as they plopped into the plush, white leather chairs in Morton's boutique in Georgetown. "I mean, even I wanted to laugh. God, what is wrong with me? Why can't I just be normal around him?"

"It's because you lurv him. And that's okay. I mean, you've wanted him for ages."

"Yeah, but I'm too chicken shit to ever do anything about it, so this is my life now, stuck trying not to embarrass myself for the millionth time. Not to mention he's not the kind of guy I need to end up with. He's sexy as sin, but he doesn't fit the list criteria."

After the Aidan debacle, she'd made herself a list of characteristics she wanted from her next guy. Some of which Tyson fit. Financially stable. Put her needs before his. Nice guy. Zero edge. Stable. Rock solid. Never asks for money. Made her feel good about herself. Not super good-looking. Tyson would have made the mark, except he was so beautiful it hurt to look at him. Although, he still failed the most important criteria of all, must not be Xavier’s friend. When things had gone bad with Aidan, she'd worried about how the breakup would affect his friendship with her brother. He'd begged her not to go out with his friend, but she hadn't listened. Clearly she should have.

In a lot of ways Ty was a lot like Aidan. Women loved him... just like Aidan. Her self-esteem didn't need the headache. Ty had tats and an attitude which said, Hey I'm a little bit dangerous. Again, not high on her list of wants. And he and X were as close as brothers, so there was that.

"The list again? Oh come on. Do you really think I walk around feeling hot and sexy all the time?" Micha gestured to herself as she slipped off a pair of gorgeous navy-blue Jimmy Choos.

"Come on. You’ve always been confident. It's not that easy for the rest of us. When it comes to work, sure. It's just the rest of my life that's a problem."

"Maybe not, but I'm not always like this. I mean, Caleb made me nervous. Hell, sometimes he still does. When he pins me with his intense stare, I stutter and fumble too. The whole point is, you gotta fake it till you make it. You remember Ricca right?"

Ricca and Jaya were Micha's friends from San Diego. They'd all gone to college together. Yeah. Serena remembered Ricca as sweet and adorable.

"Well, she's shy too."

"I find that difficult to believe." The only time she'd ever met Ricca, she'd had some six-foot-five, golden god practically surgically attached to her. He'd watched her with a ridiculous intensity. What Serena wouldn't give for someone to look at her like that. Not just the sexual attraction, but that love and warmth too. At Micha’s engagement party, they'd had to…excuse themselves…twice. Ricca didn’t seem shy when she came back with mussed hair and a wide grin.

"Well, she's not always like that. Being with Beckett helps. The point is, when she's not feeling it, she fakes it."

"Well, if that's shy, then I want to learn how to fake it too. I mean, I won't be you, but I can't keep doing this expecting something to change."

Micha handed her a pair of shoes. They were canary yellow with a green sparkling trim on the heel. They screamed, Look at me. Look at me.

"Uh, I'm not sure those are me."

"Of course they aren't, but we're going to try on a whole bunch of shoes until you find a couple of pairs that are you. Since you’re now a business owner, you're going to need to dress the part. Less shy nineties nerdy heroine, and more nerdy vixen. Shoot, be unapologetic of who you are. These shoes are a start. You just need a little boost. And nothing makes a woman feel sexier than a pair of stilettos."

"Are you sure about that?"

"Hands down."

Turned out her cousin wasn't wrong. After some of the most outrageous pairs of shoes she'd ever slipped her feet into, she found three that were fun and flirty but still her. She liked that navy pair. After all, they were functional, and she'd be able to wear them with everything from a dress to skinny jeans. She picked a taupe pair with hot pink accents as well. They were just fun. They didn't go as well with everything, but she didn't give a damn. And her final pair the attention getters, would be great for a date. Vermilion-red Louboutins. No muss, no fuss, just a black stripe going down the back and the signature red-bottomed heel. She hated it when Micha was right, because after an hour and a half of trying on shoes, she felt better. As she walked out of the boutique with her annihilated budget, she felt good.

She dropped Micha off at her hotel before heading back towards the subway to catch the train to Adams Morgan.

It might have just been her, but she felt like she got more attention. One girl even asked her where she'd gotten her shoes from; she'd been unable to help herself and walked out of the store with one of the pairs on. Stilettos sure gave a different feeling than flats. Right before the subway, a sign caught her eye. Shock and Awe Dance Studio.

She'd trained in jazz for years before going to college, but it had been harder and harder to get to a class. When Aidan had wiped out her good credit standing, survival had become more important than taking a class. Right now the only class she took was with Tyson for Micha's wedding.

But that's not where you are now. No. She was part owner in a business and made plenty of money, a hefty chunk of which she'd just spent on her new confidence boosters. Maybe it was time to start back doing something that she loved. Something for her.





3





Exactly what did one wear to a cardio striptease class? Micha had suggested her best stripper heels, but Serena had erred on the side of caution. She'd brought a pair of heels, but she'd dressed like she was going to a dance class. Sports bra, leggings, sneakers. For the next class she'd be better prepared.

Her stomach flipped as she trudged up the subway stairs. No time for nerves now.

Besides, she'd been the one to say that she needed to jumpstart her life again. She'd been hiding for too long, keeping to the shadows. It was time she lived. Time she let herself be seen. Even if Ty didn't notice her. This wasn't about that. Fine, maybe it was a little about that, but it was more about feeling like her old self. The self before Aidan had screwed up her life.

She'd never given much thought when he asked to put something on her card when they were in a store, or to help him out to get something. His excuse had been that he'd cosigned something for his brother once and that had messed up his credit. Like an idiot, she'd believed him.

Her parents had been great role models when it came to spending money. They'd taught her and Xavier how to save for things they wanted, how not to spend the money they didn't have, and about the true meaning of loans. But they’d also taught her to trust people and help out those less fortunate. That trust had gotten her into trouble.

Neither she nor her twin brother had any difficulty with numbers. They both excelled. She'd gone into accounting, and he'd learned how to seemingly grow his own money tree in property development, closing his first major deal before his twentieth birthday. Their parents had flipped when he said he wasn't finishing college, but they'd come to terms with it.

Her parents had always treated her like a screw-up who never lived up to her potential. She hadn't gone to the "right" schools. They had even been disappointed with her choice of accounting as a career, preferring finance instead. But they never worried she'd be in financial trouble. It was one of the reasons they felt comfortable moving out of the country to Puerto Rico, and living the vacation life. Little did they know how bad things would go for her after they left.

Aidan had taken her trusting nature and twisted it. Used her. And like a fool, she'd let him. At first, he'd paid her back, but then everything became, “I'll get you back,” or, “Spot me for this,” or, “Why do you have to nag me? You know if I had it, I'd give it to you.”

And then he’d asked her to cosign a car. Not a practical car, though. A freaking Mercedes. Like a moron she'd done it. Eventually, he'd left her for someone else and stopped paying the bills entirely, leaving her with a mountain of debt and no way out.

She'd kept that little disgrace to herself for a long time. If she'd gone to X, he would have given her the money, no questions asked. But she'd gotten herself into the mess, so it was up to her to get herself out.

It was just harder than she'd thought to find a job as an accountant with her credit history. So she'd taken the first job she could and then added side gigs, finally finding a job doing the books at a club. That place had been the ultimate definition of a strip joint. Seedy, underground, dark, and with sticky floors and slippery owners.

She'd never done anything illegal for them, but there'd been a set of books no one showed her. In a cash business it was easier to hide dirty dealings. After many hours of hard, exhausting work, she’d dug herself out of the financial hole. Only after she was free did she tell X and her parents. Her brother had been furious of course, but there wasn't anything he could do about it. And her parents, well, they were disappointed, but not surprised.

Now she knew better. But for the last three years she'd been hiding, not really living. It was time to change that.

The studio windows were covered, but she could see the light creeping out from under the door. She pulled the doors open, and the brightly lit reception area made her smile.

Photos of dancers in rehearsal outfits and costumes with signatures lined the walls. There were postings for secondhand shoes and other dance equipment, as well as adverts for dance outfits.

The receptionist glanced up at her. "You here for the cardio strip class?"

Serena wasn't sure why, but she flushed. Get over it. If you want to strip, you have the right to strip. "Yeah. First time. Can you tell?"

The pretty brunette smiled. "Only a little. Go on. Put your name here on the sign-up list, and you can go into studio B to your right there."

Serena did as she was told. So far it looked like there were at least eight others signed up for the class. "Can you tell me why the blinds are down?"

"To keep out the creepers, but also to make sure you guys are totally comfortable. Cara likes you guys to tap into your inner diva, so she wants everyone as relaxed as possible. The blinds help. So does the no-mirror thing."

Serena's eyes went wide. "What do you mean, no mirror? How are we supposed to know if we're doing something right?" her inner dancer protested.

The girl winked. "It's not about getting it right. It's about having fun."

Fun...right. She was all about it. You can do this. Relax. In the studio, the other girls stretched and warmed up, a couple looking as nervous as she did. A slim blonde gave her a shy smile. "Your first time too?"

She tucked her bag into one of the storage cubbies and nodded. "Yeah. I've got that fresh-meat vibe to me, huh?"

"No, more like wishful thinking.”

"I'm Serena."

"Lizzy."

The more Serena talked, the more she relaxed. "So what brought you to cardio striptease, Lizzy?"

"My dumb-ass boyfriend. Or make that ex-boyfriend. He said I wasn't sexy enough."

She wrinkled her nose. "What an ass."

"Nah, it's okay. I dumped him on the spot, but it got me thinking. It can't ever hurt to find ways to be comfortable in my body, ya know?"

"I hear you."

"What about you? Just looking for the latest workout craze?"

Serena laughed. "No, not exactly. I used to dance, and I too have a schmuck of an ex. So I lost my mojo a little, but I'm here and determined to get it back."

A beautiful girl with olive-caramel skin and light brown hair bounded into the studio. "What's up, divas? On your feet. Let's do this thing."

Serena's belly gave a quiver of unease. Maybe this was a bad idea. But it was too late now, she was already here, and she wasn't giving up before she started.

Lizzy leaned over with a smile. "Come on, you and I are in this together."

Yeah. Good point. At least she wasn't the only newbie. Cara took them through a thorough stretch beforehand, the whole time blaring upbeat dance numbers. She then had had everyone in the class participate in a soul train line, and at the front of the room, they had to pose and say their name.

Some of them were a bit timid at first, but by the end of the five minutes, they were all laughing and having fun and breaking a sweat.

Finally, Cara turned off the music. "Awesome, you guys! It usually takes another few minutes of soul train for everyone to relax. You guys rock my socks. Okay, so how many first-timers are here?"

Serena, Lizzy and another girl raised their hands.

"Great." Cara smiled, dimples appearing. "Then you're in for a treat." She turned on the music to old-school En Vogue, then took them through the thirty-two-count variation, each with an eight count for free-styling. She gestured toward the poles. "As you get more comfortable, I encourage you to try out some spins I teach. We'll do trick practice at the end of class."

The other new girl raised her hand. "Will I be needing my heels?"

"Good question. Not for this beginner class, but the more you do, and the more you get acclimated to this style, then yeah, we'll incorporate some of that."

After thirty minutes of dancing, touching herself, and practicing twirling around the pole, Cara took them through the trick of the evening. It was something she called a dragonfly.

Two things became glaringly apparent. One, strippers were a strong bunch, because even though she worked out, it wasn't easy for Serena to do. Her leggings certainly weren't helping the matter, making her slip and slide all over the damn thing. Next time she'd wear shorts.

Two, this was the best decision she'd made for herself in months. It had been a long time since she had laughed so much at herself. Not to mention she had a whole new level of respect for the girls and guys who worked at the club. Though she'd yet to see one of the dudes work with a pole.

At the end of class, Cara performed an advanced routine that had Serena picking her jaw up off the floor. Cara was barely taller than Serena, but had managed to shimmy up the pole and hold herself there with the strength of her core, one leg, and a prayer.

When class was over, Serena said goodbye to her new friend and approached Cara as the others were leaving. "I just wanted to say thank you so much. I haven't had that kind of fun in ages."

Cara grinned, her gray eyes dancing. "You're one of my newbies, right?"

"Yeah, Serena."

"Nice to meet you. I'm glad you had a good time. It's one of my favorite classes to teach."

"Do you have a bunch of others?" An idea took form. If she'd had this much fun, no doubt other women would too.

"Yeah, I teach another beginner class and an advanced class. And then I teach basic dance, tap, ballet and jazz. I keep busy. You've clearly had dance training."

"I've danced since I was little but stopped in college." She swallowed hard. "You know, life."

"Don't I ever." Cara packed up her stuff as they chatted and walked out. "Maybe I'll see you in class again?"

Serena grinned. "That's more than just a maybe. I'll definitely be back. I mean, I've seen the girls at work dance, but I never thought I might be able to do a fraction of what they can do."

Cara frowned. "Girls at work?"

Serena laughed, realizing how that probably sounded. "Oh right. I work at Club Prestige." When Cara's brows rose, she rushed to add, "Not that I'm a dancer or anything. I'm the accountant."

"How come you haven't asked one of the girls there to show you the moves?"

That had never actually occurred to her. She was cool with everyone who worked there, but the idea of mixing her job with trying to find her inner sex kitten didn't jive. "Nah. It was sort of on a whim, but I didn't realize I'd been missing it. Plus I certainly needed the confidence boost."

"Well, that's what my class is all about."

"Listen. I know you just met me, but we could use someone like you at Club Prestige. We have a lot of bachelorette parties come through. I'm sure some of them would love to learn how to be sexy like I just did." She put up her hands. "Sorry if that's weird or whatever, but you mentioned you teach a lot of classes, and it could pay really well… I don't know. If you have the time, maybe you could come by and check it out. If you can do what you just did with me, you could teach a whole bunch of bachelorettes how to make their future husbands very happy."

Cara laughed. "Oh, come on. You're sexy, I mean look at you. You just don't know how to tap into it. All I did was help you figure out how." She licked her lips. "Maybe we can grab some food or something and you can tell me about the club?"

Serena grinned. A friend. She loved her business partners to death, but it was nice to have a friend who she hadn't met at the worst possible time in her life. "How do you feel about Thai?"





4





Serena checked her appearance in the hall again before knocking on Tyson's door. She'd taken care with her look tonight. Casual, but not too casual. She'd ditched her usual T-shirt for a purple tunic that accented her blue eyes, and she'd gone with a pair of liquid leggings. The leather legging had been Micha's call. Serena, of course, had insisted it was too much, but Micha told her it was an outfit that worked well with or without super hot shoes. She’d taken off her trench coat in the elevator wanting him to see the full effect of the outfit.

She'd paired the pants with the taupe-and-pink shoes, and she felt pretty. Sexy even. The shoes did help. But she'd kept everything else super simple. Hair down, makeup light. Pretty much a touch of powder, some concealer and lip gloss.

Stomach churning as she knocked, she tried to calm her nerves. She'd done a million of these dinners with Tyson. He'd practically lived at her house when they were growing up, especially after his parents divorced and his mom had to work all the time. When they were one-on-one, she usually calmed down eventually and could talk to him like a normal person. The key word being eventually. Before eventually, there would be at least one stupid comment, some sweating, and stuttering was guaranteed.

Tyson opened the door with a wide smile. "Hey y—" He cut himself off and stared at her for a second. Make that longer than a second.

He stared so long that Serena shifted in her heels. "Everything okay?"

He blinked. Then blinked again. "Yeah cool. You, uh, you look great." Stepping aside to let her in, he took her trench from her and hung it in the hall closet. It didn't matter how many times she came over, he always treated her like she was a guest. Always the gentleman. Just once she'd love to see him toss that forced politeness and...well, okay, he was never going to take her up against the wall, but a girl could dream. And dream she had.

"Thanks. You can tell Micha got her hands on me."

He continued to stare at her. "I'm not sure if I should thank her or shoot her."

She frowned and looked down. "What's the matter with what I'm wearing?"

He shook his head. "Not a damn thing." His attention on her feet, he asked, "Those new?"

Serena grinned. "Yeah, I got them yesterday with Micha. Should I take them off? Sorry, I didn't think about your wood…er, floors…" Shit. "Your hardwood." OMG. FML.

He coughed. "Wood. Yeah. Uh, no, leave them on. It's fine."

What was wrong with him? He was acting weird, weirder than she normally acted. "Okay..." She let herself into the kitchen when he didn't say a word, but kept staring at her. "Something smells great."

"Thanks. Remember two Thanksgivings ago when we went to see Xavier in New Orleans, and ate at that restaurant with the jambalaya? I begged for the recipe."

Oh she remembered. She'd gained five pounds on that New Orleans trip. She'd eaten her weight in beignets and gumbo. "How did you do that?"

"I can be charming. Come, taste this."

He held out a tasting spoon as he invited her over. On her approach, her shoes made a click-clack sound in the nearly silent kitchen. She took a taste from the fork he proffered and moaned. When her eyelids fluttered back open, his green eyes were laser focused on her again, and she could feel the intensity of his gaze. Cue the sweating.

Except, she wasn’t nervous. What she felt was closer to arousal, or more like intense awareness of him. "That's, uh, really good." To escape his stare, she took up post at his island and grabbed one of the folders sitting there with the post it 'Show Serena'.

She'd always loved this kitchen. When he'd told her he was buying this place in Logan Creek near Dupont Circle, she couldn't believe it.

She'd coveted an apartment in the neighborhood for so long, up until this year it had been well out of her price range. Tyson had worked his butt off to get here and she was proud of him. He and Xavier had been roommates at American University before Ty’d had to drop out, and Xavier had gotten the internship at Priter Investments that had launched his career. Tyson eventually had to get several roommates before getting his feet under him.

"Thank you for feeding me." It had become an agreement of theirs. He'd feed her, and she'd go over his books.

"Of course. It's the least I can do." He stirred the pot again. "Jambalaya should be ready in about ten minutes."

"Cool. So what did you want me to take a look at?"

He took the stool next to her and scooted closer. Automatically, she inhaled deeply, relishing in his scent, a mixture of spices and musk. Probably his cologne mixed with the scent of cooking jambalaya. Her mouth watered.

He pulled out the folder in the middle. "This was the one I wanted you to look through. I start classes on Monday, and this was what I wanted to use as my case study. The plan is to expand business outside of DC to the metro area and into Alexandria. I've got the capital, but maybe it's not enough. I met with the CPA like you recommended. He advised that I take the current capital I have and go bigger, but I’d like your take. I'd rather start small and take the opportunity to pay back Xavier. Sooner rather than later. Personal debts first."

She heard what he was saying, she really did. Or at least most of what he was saying, but his mouth was so close to hers that... No, focus! Serena cleared her throat. "Honestly, I'm inclined to agree with the CPA. That's why I recommended him. He's conservative, but also deals with small businesses ready for expansion. Some of this is out of my depth, but looking at your bottom line, if you want to grow, I'd agree with him. With your profits month after month, and the new clients you've taken on, I think his estimates are conservative. It means paying Xavier back a little bit later, but in my opinion, it's worth it."

He rocked back and forth on his stool. "I'd rather pay him back now."

"What's the rush? It's not like he's asking for it."

"I know. Maybe it's a pride thing."

She laughed at that. She was already starting to feel more comfortable with him. "Look, I get it. I hate the idea of owing X anything too, but he loves you. And there's no pressure."

"I know." He took the folder back. "It's an internal thing. With school starting, it's a new chapter. I want to do it on my own two feet."

She pursed her lips. "If that's what you want to do. Your projections look great, and you have them backed up with the evidence already. You don't need me to look over these for you. You've got it in the bag."

He shrugged. "I guess I trust you the most. You know this stuff, and without you, I wouldn't be here."

"Hey, I had nothing to do with that. That was all you."

"You gave me one of my first contracts, and Club Prestige remains one of my best customers."

"Hey, what can I say, strippers and liquor go together."

He wrinkled his nose. "How are you doing, anyway? I know Club Prestige is doing great, but you've always wanted to open your own accounting practice."

She laughed. That hadn't been a dream of hers in a long time.

"I can't believe you remember that." It was true, she had wanted to do that when she first got certified. She'd pictured a sedate, quiet life doing family taxes. But this was much more exciting, plus she owned a piece of something. "Not so much anymore. I love what I do at the club, and the girls and I are talking about expanding too, but probably not for a while. I mean the money is flowing in, and it's pretty crazy how much. We were in the black within our first six months of opening, so I'm amazed to be part of it."

His brow furrowed. "That is amazing. I'm just not sure how I feel about you owning a strip club."

She smacked him. "Hey, strippers are people too! And you know Club Prestige isn't really like that."

It was a premier, members-only club. They had Hollywood A-listers as members. Sure there was skin. A lot of it. But it was a different kind of establishment. She should know. She'd worked at the other end of the spectrum when she hadn’t had a lot of options. "Look, I know you and Xavier worry, but it's not like you haven't seen the club. There's nothing seedy about it."

He sighed. "I know. And obviously it's a double standard since I supply your liquor, but X asked me to look out for you, and it doesn't make either one of us comfortable with you around male strippers and club clientele all the time."

This was an old argument. "You already know I only work daylight hours. Once a week I go in to tally the numbers from the safe, and we have an armored truck do the pickup and deposit. It's totally safe and totally boring. Most of the time I never even see any of the dancers."

"I know, but let me do the big-brother thing, okay? Even if you and X are twins, I made a promise to look out for you."

She winced. "Except you're not my brother, are you?" Her irritation seeped through, and immediately she wished the words back.

He threw his hands up. "Okay, fine, brother by proxy then."

"It's not like I'm dancing in the club or anything. Okay?"

His frown morphed into a scold. "Hell no. Sorry. I just would never let that happen."

Serena raised a brow. “Let that happen?”

Tyson watched her with a singular focus and set his jaw. “You know what I mean. With X gone, I'm looking out for you. You've been stressed lately.”

She sighed. “There is this parents group that got a burr up their ass about the club. Apparently a private club is not something they want their children anywhere near. They've started petitioning to close us down, so that's stressful.”

He studied her. “Do you think they'll manage it?”

“We're fighting it. But it might get ugly. We've hired a firm, I’m working a city counsel angle and I have some ideas for publicity, so fingers crossed. I'm good at this. Maybe not much else, but this I can do, so I'm not going to roll over and die. Not without a fight.”

He cleared his throat. "Would you like to eat now?"

"Yes, and while we're at it, I'd like some cornbread for my troubles."

He laughed. "At least I know the way to your heart is through your stomach."

Nope, not even close. Much farther south. But wishing didn't make it so. She smiled up at him and held out her plate. "Feed me."



Ty walked Serena up to her apartment like he'd done every Wednesday night for the last two years. He always drove her home, even with the nightmare of finding street parking in his neighborhood when he returned.

Tonight felt different though. For starters he was nervous. He couldn't explain it. Maybe it's because you don't need X anymore. Or maybe he was seeing everything with new eyes since he was about to untether that dependency on X. He hated to feel beholden, hated asking for help. All of it didn't sit well with him. He probably got that from his old man. It was the same reason the guy had run his business near into the ground before he got sick trying to do it all himself. His damn pride got in the way.

There was more than that. Something about Serena had changed. She'd always been more reserved in contrast to Micha, but she was still fun once she relaxed. Tonight, sure she was the same, but something was off. It was more than the outfit or the shoes or the makeup. She wasn't as timid. And he was having a hell of a time ignoring the pull of attraction between them. She looked comfortable, confident. Damn if that didn't make her more appealing.

Well, nothing's changed. You still can't have her.

He waited for her to unlock her door.

"Night, Serena."

"You want coffee or something?"

Yes. But he'd already been too close to her all night. His hands were trembling with the restraint required to not kiss her.

"Nah, early morning." He hugged her, relishing the way she curled into him like always. Her soft curves pressing into him. He wanted to keep her there forever. Keep her safe and shielded from the world. But she’s not yours to shield. So he let her go. He bent to kiss her cheek good night like always. Except tonight, she turned her head. Not overtly, just a hair, as if she'd meant to say something, and the corners of their lips touched.

A bolt of need ricocheted through his body, and he gritted his teeth against it. Serena froze as he jolted back. "I—" he started.

"Ty—" she whispered at the same time.

It was an accident. Liar. He didn't mean for that to happen. As if. It certainly wouldn’t happen again. I wish it would.

His brain ran through each possibility in a fraction of a second. Apologize. Back off. Close the door. Act as if nothing happened. No apology, no good night. In the car, off you go. Those were the easy options. Then in the bright light of day, they could laugh like, Hey, that kiss. That was funny, right?

Except when his two working brain cells gave the command to pull back, his stupid eyes pinned on her lips, which were still parted in surprise. Instead of going right, he went left and changed the course of their friendship, pressing his lips to hers.

One second, he was kissing her, the next, his hands fisted in her hair. She pulled him to her, and her tongue met his, sliding over it like she craved it. Craved him. But that couldn’t be right. Could it? With a moan, he angled his lips over hers, delving into her mouth, tasting as much of her as he could. Heat, need and desperation drove him.

Serena twisted her hands in his shirt, dragging him closer, and he groaned. Backing her into the doorway, he took full advantage, dipping down to deepen the kiss.

Her hands skimmed up his chest and over his shoulders to dig into the hair at his nape. He groaned his satisfaction. She was touching him, this wasn't his imagination.

The only noises that registered in the quiet hallway were their muffled groans, the mewling sound she made every time he pulled back, and the rubbing of her leather leggings against his jeans. Blood rushed in his skull and his pulse thumped. When she pressed her body into his, those curves melting into him, his cock shoved against his fly, begging for release. Shit, all he had done was kiss her, and he was ready to explode. He couldn't stop though. He needed more. After all, he was already headed for hell. He kept kissing her as his raging erection pulsed against her belly.

Damn, he needed more, so much more. With a frustrated growl, he picked her up, allowing her to wrap her legs around his waist, before carrying her into her apartment and shoving the door shut with his shoe before pinning her to the door.

Now if he could just—he only needed—Hell yes. With every rock of her hips, his cock nestled along her hot, sweet center…yes. So good. Right fucking there. Serena tossed her head back, and he kissed her jaw, using teeth and tongue. She rocked her hips into him, again and again. In an attempt to control the torrent of lust and need, he gripped her hips tight, holding her in place. He was careful with his kisses; he knew what his five-o'clock shadow would do to her skin. Imagine where else you could leave marks. Across her breasts, her belly, on her thighs. His dick throbbed painfully, and he almost whimpered. He was so desperate, so ready to fuck her, and they were just getting started.

Tyson skimmed a hand under her top and up her torso. Her skin was like satin. Unable to tame his inner desperation, he captured her breast, muttering curses as her nipple hardened in his palm.

All that mattered to him was that he was getting to taste her, to touch her. His brain fought hard against every fantasy, every dream, every off-limits conversation he'd ever had with himself. She was his, and it made his head spin. Why hadn't he done this before? Kissing her was like kissing sunshine.

Serena. Off-limits. You are not good enough for her.

Hell. He tore his lips from her jaw and sucked in ragged breaths against the column of her throat. This was Serena. Not some random hookup he could do against the door without even taking off his jeans. But damned if he didn't want her like that. In a desperate frenzy and sliding in her bare. Fuuuck. He wouldn't be dragging her into her bedroom. They wouldn't be fucking. Not now. Not ever. Not like this. She was important to him.

Then what the hell are you doing? Despite his cock's protests, he loosened his grip on her hips and gently placed her on the floor.

She dragged open dazed, unfocused eyes, to peer up at him. Her irises were more cerulean than cornflower now, and her pupils had fully dilated. She swayed toward him, and he wanted nothing more than to pull her back into his arms.

Instead, he took a step away from her. "Serena, I—" You what, dumbass? You're sorry? You never meant for this to happen? Shut the hell up. "I should go."

Those wide blue eyes blinked into focus. "W-what?"

Words. He needed to find words. His brain focused on her face. The hurt and confusion in her eyes. He’d done that. Because, he, was an ass. "Home, I should go home."

A frown marred her otherwise smooth forehead. "But I don't understand. I thought—"

He shoved his hands in his pockets. His body likely had the same thoughts that she did. But he wasn't going there with her for too many reasons. "Good night, Serena."

He stumbled away from her and let himself out without looking back.

Shit. He was an asshole. But he was barely holding his shit together. If he touched her again, he would screw her against the door. Then again on the floor, kitchen table, couch. So many places before he even considered making it to the bed.

He clenched his jaw tight as he walked to his car and climbed in. Yeah, asshole. You handled that real well.





5





What the hell had she done?

Serena sagged back against the door and tried to suck in even, steady breaths, but it was so not happening. Her lips still burned, and her heart felt like it was going to explode. And her body... The heat pulsing between her thighs was enough to make her melt into a puddle. Ty could kiss. Like really kiss. Like melting, why-sir-where-are-my-panties kind of kiss.

And she'd kissed him. What the hell was she thinking? Except…that shit was so totally worth it. A new pair of shoes, a sexy dance class, and her inner diva was ready to burst out and do somebody. Despite the rush of endorphins, worry chased lust. What if he was so freaked out by what just happened he stopped talking to her?

Her euphoric high morphed into a panicked worry. They were adults. They weren't in high school. If he wasn't into her, he'd just let her down gently. After everything they'd been through together, he'd do that for her...right?

Stop over-analyzing for once and enjoy it. Besides, it wasn't like she'd meant to turn her head. She'd sort of been leaning in to sniff him. Then the corners of their lips touched, and bam.

He may or may not regret it, but she didn't. And, she'd felt the electricity. The rigid length of him dying for release. There'd been hunger there. Not only in the way he'd stared at her like he wanted to eat her whole, but the muffled growling sound he'd made from the back of his throat. The way he'd gripped her hair, and then rocked his body into hers, grinding his erection into her. One thing was for sure, there was no hope of getting any sleep tonight thinking of Tyson's hands on her ass. The low moan he made when he’d released her. The way his hips had jerked. The ease with which he lifted, bringing his pulsing length into contact with her center.

She’d felt his need in the way he gripped her hips, how he held her. The sigh when their lips touched properly. Like he was finally getting something he wanted.

Blood rushed to her clit again, making her pulse. Hot damn, she needed a shower. Yes. Preferably, of the ice-cold variety. That only left the question of now what? They couldn't very well go back to the way things had been. At least she couldn't. There was no putting her inner diva back in the bag. Serena liked having her run around. It killed her that she'd been wasting all this time, afraid to take another risk.

She certainly had more fun this way. Cracking open her shell wasn't necessarily the end of the world. So far only good things had happened. Things she'd never imagined, except in her dirty Tyson Leigh fantasies she saved for her alone time with her battery-operated boyfriend.

All she had to do now was figure out what she wanted moving forward. She wanted him, and he seemed to want her too. Long term, he wasn't the perfect choice, she knew that. But as a way to get her diva back… Pulling the trigger wasn't exactly her strong suit, and given the way Ty had run out of there, he was in freak-out mode. So if she wanted something to happen, she'd need to make it happen. Damn she needed a little advice.

Serena paced the length of her living room. Lucky for her, Micha answered on the first ring. "Hey, honey bunny. I just made it to the boarding gate. I was gonna call you as soon as I sat down."

"Mi, I've decided you and Caleb should just move to DC. That way I'd have you around all the time."

"I wish, but I'd miss San Diego too much. Did you know that it snows here? Perish the thought."

Serena laughed. "Yeah, good point. You all set to go?"

"Yep, interview finished yesterday, so I'm off to see my man. But enough about my boring, soon-to-be-married status. Tell me, how did dinner with Tyson go?"

Serena paused in front of her TV and picked up a photo of her, X and Ty when they were kids. They had been so happy and completely oblivious to how complicated things would get once they got older. X had his arm around Tyson, and Ty leaned an elbow on her shoulder and smiled down at her. It was a smile she knew well. A little indulgent, but brotherly.

He wasn't so brotherly just now, was he? "It was interesting."

Micha oohed. "Explain yourself, dear cousin. Let me get comfy, and make sure you skip to the good parts."

She recounted what happened, and Micha listened silently for a moment, then said, "Okay, so he went for the hug. Was it a normal hug? Like usual?"

"Yeah, nothing strange. Just a hug. He took me home like normal, leaned in to hug me, pulled me close like he always does. Then he leaned down to kiss me on the cheek, and this time I...turned. I didn't plant one on him." No matter how brave she was feeling, she didn't have quite that much moxie, "But the corners of our lips touched."

"Okay, this is the important bit right here. In that moment of awareness, who kissed whom?"

"Shit, I don't know. I mean, he pulled back a couple of inches, and then I sort of froze. I couldn't really believe that his lips had touched mine."

"Okay, and what was he doing?"

That much she remembered in startling clarity. "Uh, well, his fingers tightened on my hips for a second. Kind of like a squeeze and release, and he stared at my lips."

"And while he stared at your lips, what did you do?"

"I dunno. I probably licked them. It's a nervous habit."

Micha hooted. "You are fucking diabolical. Even if you don't know it."

Serena stopped pacing. "What? What did I do?"

Her cousin tsked. "Oh, my love. I adore you. While you were busy not knowing what to do with yourself, you inadvertently called attention to your pretty mouth. The poor guy was probably lost and had no idea what to do."

"Well, he figured it out soon enough. He kissed me after that. Or I kissed him. I don’t know."

"Uh-huh. Was it soft or hard?"

"Hard." All of him had been hard…very hard... Don't go there. At least not if you want to sleep tonight. "He also made this funny noise, like a growl."

Serena could hear the happy smile in Micha's tone. "Honey, that is the sound of a man finally doing something he's wanted to do for years. You have him. What happened next?"

"Well, there was, uh, kissing, and more kissing. He tasted like bourbon, and can I just tell you how awesome he smells?"

"Hands?"

"Yeah. But not too handsy."

"Ass grabbing? Second base?"

Serena flushed. "Yes and yes."

Micha laughed. "I can almost see your blush from Reagan International. Relax, this is a good thing. Now you set the pace. You determine what to do next."

Serena resumed pacing and avoided looking at his picture again. It distracted her. "Yeah, just one little problem. I have no idea how to take things further. I'm not you, remember? I borrowed some of your moxie, but I used it all up almost kissing him."

"The good news for you is that it won't take much. Tyson has likely spent half of his adult life lusting after you. But the dynamic with Xavier has probably prevented him from doing anything about it. Now you guys are adults, but he might need a nudge or two, so get your sexy on."

"Tell me, oh wise one. How do I nudge him?"

"That's the easy part. Just be you."

Serena frowned. "I don't follow."

Micha sighed. "Of course you don't. Just keep wearing the outfits I put together. Not only will they get his attention, but you'll also look like a grownup. And they're not too over the top. You look great. Just be your sweet self. Now that he's had a taste, he won't be able to stay away, especially not if he's been wanting you for this long. It’s possible he’ll try and run. But if you're patient, he'll come around."

"That's it? Look good, act normal? You're supposed to be the expert here."

"I'm hardly an expert. But I know guys are easy. When they want you, you'll know. The key difference is keep being confident, or at least faking it until you make it. That's very sexy, and with Tyson in particular, show him that you don't need a big brother type. If you get asked out by somebody, go."

That seemed counterproductive.

"But I want him, not some random dude."

"Doesn't matter. It's good practice for you and a free meal. You have to get used to going out again. Flirting, having fun. All of that will help you feel sexy, and in turn it will drive him nuts. And when you’re with him, the only thing to change is to touch him more frequently."

Touching Tyson… Serena swallowed hard. "Uh, where am I touching him exactly?"

Micha laughed. "See, that dirty mind, that's the spirit. But relax. I mean his arm, gently brush up against him. Any excuse for a casual touch. He won't be able to think about anything else."

"Are you sure about this?"

"Positive. As a matter of fact, when do you see him again?"

"I’m supposed to see him for our dance rehearsal. After that, he's off to visit X in NOLA for a couple of days."

"I bet you ten dollars he tries to talk to you tonight."

"I don't know about that. Smart money says he’ll pretend it didn’t happen."

"You taking the bet?"

She'd learned never to gamble with something she wasn't willing to lose. But in this case, Serena had nothing to lose. "I'll take the bet."

"You'll see. I’ll take my winnings in margaritas."

Serena just hoped Micha knew what she was talking about, because right about now, the panic was setting in that she'd lost one of her best friends.





6





Tyson pulled into his father’s driveway in Frederick with bleary eyes. He hadn't slept much after last night. The flash of memory was enough to make him start shaking. He paused at the bottom of the ramp to hold on to the railing for support. The wave of lust that hit him was enough to make him weak. But guilt chased on the heels of the need. She was his friend. He didn't have many and he certainly didn’t want to risk one of the most important people in his life.

Jesus. How was he supposed to know that kissing Serena Bennett was going to be the hottest thing he’d done all year, shit maybe ever. That woman’s sex appeal should be a registered lethal weapon. Like the idiot he was, he'd completely forgotten he had to see her tonight for dance rehearsal for Micha’s wedding. He adored Micha, but he regretted agreeing to be Serena’s dance partner for the bridal party dance number.

He shook his head to partially shake the image of her and let himself into the small ranch house. “Dad, you here?” The handicapped van was parked outside, but he could have gotten picked up for one of his weekly activities. He’d told him he was coming, but sometimes his father was prone to forgetting. Especially if there was a woman involved.

“Yeah, in the back.”

Tyson headed toward the back of the house and inhaled the familiar scent of garlic and spices. The old man still loved to cook.

Tyson hadn’t grown up here. When his parents divorced, he’d stayed in Bethesda with his mother. But in college, once his father was diagnosed, he’d spent as much time as possible here, eventually quitting school to move in and take over the business.

His father spun around the corner in his wheelchair. “Hey, kid.”

“Hey, Dad.” Tyson led the way into the kitchen then helped himself to a beer from the fridge. “I just wanted to check in on you before I head out of town tomorrow. Do you need anything?”

His father sipped the green tea in his mug. “How long are you heading out for?”

“Just a night. I’m paying X back for the loan.”

He whistled. “Holy shit. We made that much money? If I’d known that, we would have headed to Vegas.”

No, Dad, I made that much money. His father’s penchant for spending was why Tyson had removed him from the day-to-day running of the business. He still wanted his father’s opinion, as it was his business, but no way was Tyson letting all his hard work go into the shitter. “Yeah, well, that’s not how we grow. So I’m paying him, and then I’ll start with phase two, which is to expand. The next two years will be a little lean, but we’ll be debt-free, which is all that matters.”

His father shook his head as his eyes watered. “When I asked you to help me, I never knew it could be like this. You’re amazing.”

The heat crept up Ty’s neck. It felt good hearing that, but he didn’t relish the reason he had to be here in the first place. “Thanks, Dad. Anyway. If you need anything while I’m gone, just call Serena. She's around, so she'll come out.” Things might be weird and messy between the two of them, but Serena would come through if he needed her. He could always count on her.

The old man grinned. “You know I’m not a child, right? That I learned how to wipe my own ass, even in a wheelchair?”

“Yeah, I know that, but it’s my prerogative to worry, so deal with it.”

“How is my favorite girl anyway? You haven’t brought her around in a while.”

How did he answer that exactly? “I— You know, she’s busy and stuff. So am I.” No way was he telling his dad that he’d made out with her last night and that just kissing her was the most erotic thing he’d done, maybe ever.

His father slid him a knowing look. “Uh-huh. You know, I always wondered why you two weren’t a couple. Not like you haven’t had a thing for her half your life.”

“Dad, seriously, we’re going to do this?”

“Oh come on. It’s not like we’re not both adults now. I missed out on shit like this. Besides, I see how you look at her.”

Damn, this again. “I look at her like family. That’s it, nothing more.” Except she had the softest lips in the world.

“Boy, we ain’t from Arkansas. No one looks at family like you look at that girl.”

“Eww.”

His father’s booming laugh filled the kitchen. “I’m just saying. She’s a nice girl, and you’ve been so focused on saving me and my company that you haven’t allowed for much fun in your life. I feel like I’ve stolen half your twenties from you. And Serena hasn’t had an easy go of it. Maybe the two of you could go at it together.”

Go at— Tyson coughed so hard beer came sputtering out of his nose. “Dad!”

The old man merely winked at him. “Damn, I meant make a go of it. That’s what I meant.”

“Not gonna happen. Dad, not with Serena. Besides, I’m too young to settle down, and I have shit I need to do.”

“No one is saying you have to get married, but I think there’s a good, beautiful woman in front of you. Maybe it’s time you weren’t so focused on work and goals.”

Ty just started to get his life back on track. He had to make something of himself for himself, on his own, before he could think about Serena…or anyone for that matter. Besides, she had her list, and he flunked on two key points. He was X’s best friend. And she wanted a nice guy. He was not the nice-guy type. Especially not after what he’d wanted to do to her last night. Serena was the kind of girl who made love. Not the kind of girl who screwed against doors. “Yeah, I hear you, Dad. But still, never gonna happen.” He had to see her tonight before his flight. As long as he could remember not to kiss her again, he’d be fine.



Serena shifted in her shoes. At this point, with two minutes before their dance class, she wasn’t sure Tyson was going to show up. Micha wasn’t all that fussed about the group dance for the wedding. The dance had been her friend Jaya’s idea. Jaya thought it was a good group bonding memory that Micha and Caleb could hold onto. Apparently they’d done something similar for Ricca’s wedding as well. And man Jaya was assertive. Awesome but determined like a pit bull. She’d send sweet reminders about how important the dance was and how Micha needed the best.

When Tyson came around the corner in his T-shirt and jeans, her heart fluttered and she breathed a sigh of relief and tried to keep her hormones under control. With his catlike swagger and grace, tattoos on display and day-old scruff on his jaw, he looked like a total badass. A hot one at that. As he walked, several stared. Yeah, I hear you, ladies.

His smile was tight. “Hey, sorry I’m late.”

He gave her a one-armed hug and a kiss on her cheek, this time near her ear, but then backed away quickly. Oh, so they were going to pretend that last night hadn’t happened? Right. Okay then.

“You’re fine. Right on time.” She stalked ahead of him. How could he act normally? She’d expected that maybe he’d want to talk about it or something. They were friends. What happened should at least warrant an acknowledgment to the cray cray that had taken place. But if he could ignore the hot make-out session, then so could she. Though, as she walked, she could have sworn she heard a low rumble in his throat. Maybe she was imagining it.

They walked into class together like they had every Thursday for the last two months, but today he avoided touching her as much as usual. Kind of hard, since they were doing a tango. Even the teacher, Darla, noticed as she came over to correct them. “You have to make love to her, Tyson.” She rolled her r’s in the heavily accented English. “Remember, tango was a forbidden dance in Argentina for years. It has to be full of passion.”

Serena’s gaze snapped to his, and Tyson’s eyes sparked fire, but his lips set in a firm line. All Serena could feel in his body was vibrating tension. Micha had said to just be herself, but she had to say something to him. They had to talk about it, or there was no way in hell she’d ever sleep again.

They made it through the end of class, and as she grabbed her bag, she said, “Hey, so listen, I thought maybe—”

His jaw clamped tight, and he interrupted her with a brusque shake of his head. “Sorry, I can’t talk or hang tonight. Busy.” He slid his eyes away.

“Right. Of course. I just, you know...” Her phone rang. “Sorry. Gimme a sec.” She scooted to the side and turned her back to Tyson. “Hello?”

“Serena, hi. It’s Antonio Russo.” She stood up straighter. Antonio worked for Marco Savoy, the youngest son of House of Savoy. She still couldn't believe the prince had heard of their club and wanted to be a member. Of course members of royalty didn’t handle such things themselves, so he sent Antonio as his envoy. And what a beautiful envoy. She could talk to him all day, every day, his accent had such a hypnotic quality. But she really needed to deal with the Tyson thing right now.

“Antonio, hi. Thanks for calling. I wanted to go over the paperwork you need. Could you meet me at the club between two and four tomorrow? I've got an opening then.” Royal prince or not, she didn't mess about when it came to club procedures. There were extensive background checks and protocols to be followed. All made more difficult by the fact that the Prince wasn’t doing the application himself.

“Oh, I'm sorry, my day is packed. Do you think you could do dinner instead? I know how important it is to you to get some movement.”

She slid her gaze to Tyson, who was staring at her. Heat suffused her cheeks. “Dinner would be fine if you want to pick me up at the club.”

“That will work. Thank you for being so accommodating.”

“Of course.” She hung up and turned to face Tyson.

“Sorry about that. Work thing. But I figured maybe we could or rather should talk.”

Tyson shrugged his broad shoulders, and his jaw ticked. “Can’t. Gotta go. I have a flight tonight. But maybe later.”

She could only watch helplessly as he all but ran away from her. Well hell. Maybe she was right and last night had ruined everything.





7





Ty was tired as hell. Everything was so freaking upside down right now. All because he now knew what Serena Bennett tasted like. The whole flight to New Orleans he'd been plagued with the mental replay of the last two days.

He'd gone over their kiss so many times but he still couldn't pinpoint exactly what had happened. All he knew was one second he was kissing her good night as usual, and the next he was trying to consume every last bit of her essence. She had tasted like the peppermint and vanilla he'd used in his dessert, laced with a hint of something soul infusing and drugging.

His hands still twitched with the urge to hold her, touch her, see if the two of them could both deliver on the promise of pleasure. He'd dreamed about her for so long. And now that it had happened he knew it couldn't happen again. Which was the fucked-up thing of it all. It was one thing to dream about touching her, it was another thing to actually touch her. He understood the best friend code. Thou does not fuck thy best friend's sister. That was a hard-and-fast rule. She also didn't deserve someone with his rough edges. She wanted refined. Nice. Steady. Emotionally available.

To make everything worse, he'd screwed up yesterday. She'd tried to talk to him and he'd run. Like a coward. He preferred to think he'd saved her from another mauling. Dancing with her had been pure damn torture. And by the end, he'd been willing to scream uncle.

He'd wanted to say sorry or something. But somehow, Hey I'm sorry about grabbing your ass and grinding my cock on you, might not cut it. Maybe he could add, And that thing where I palmed your perfect tits and squeezed them while desperately wanting to suck on your nipple, that was a total accident. He shook his head. He was screwed.

Yeah, it had been so much of an accident, that he'd jerked off to that particular memory every chance he got. His cock and his hand were on very good terms at this point. It hadn't helped him sleep one wink.

Saying all of that might not go over so well. She was important enough to him that he had to apologize. He just needed to find the right words first.

If he'd talked to her yesterday, he would've begged to go to her place. And then he would have begged her to let him live out every fantasy he'd ever had, just once. Serena had that kind body, that kind of smile. Hell. He shifted his jeans to make room for his thickening cock. He really needed to get a handle on his shit. He couldn't talk to X while fantasizing about his sister.

He shoved all thoughts of her to the recesses of his mind and dragged his attention back to his meeting as Xavier's secretary led him down the marble-tiled hallway. X was waiting on the other side of the door with a wide smile and open arms.

"Ty! My man. What the fuck is up, dude?" He enveloped him in the standard bro hug complete with the thumping of the back.

Tyson couldn't help but grin. This was Xavier. Always warm, always happy. Most of the time his mood was infectious. There was no way anyone could be in a bad mood when they were around X. Unless of course they had X's sister on the brain. Focus, Ty.

"I'm great, man. It's good to see you. The Big Easy's treating you right."

X stood back and spread his arms. "You like?" He led Ty over to the floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the French Quarter. "I love this place, man. The food is to die for. Business is good. And the women, God, the women. Please tell me you're staying through the weekend. I have a couple of meetings today, but I can escape this afternoon, and we can tear up the town."

Tyson took a seat across from his best friend of the last twenty years. The office was a hundred percent Xavier. His friend had always liked the finer things. Back when they shared a tiny dorm room with just the basics, Xavier had found ways to make things more comfortable.

Some fancy chair here. A toothbrush holder there. A rug. Frames for their requisite Che Guevara posters. His taste may have matured, but X still enjoyed the good life. The furniture in his office had clean lines and a contemporary feel. Steel and wood everywhere, with a white marble floor. The color came from the walls and the cushions and throws. He had several Xander Chase and Z Con photos on the wall. Ty knew those things weren’t cheap. All combined, the office had a cheery feeling.

Of course his friend was dressed impeccably in a vest, cuff links and leather loafers, hair gelled into a messy array that probably drove women crazy. Yeah, that was X. Man, Ty had missed the fucker.

"I wish I could, man, but classes start Monday. I don't want to take my first class too hungover to concentrate. This is just a day trip."

Xavier groaned and slouched into his chair. "Somehow I remember you being more fun than this."

Tyson laughed. "I'm fun, I'm just also responsible now. I hope. I think after Micha's wedding I've got a midterm break, so I can come down then. We'll get up to some trouble."

X groaned again. "Man, I love Micha, but this whole plus-one situation is killing me. I mean, why would I bring someone to a city with hot women?"

"I have no idea." That was the other thing about X. His friend never could seem to keep it in his pants.

"Are you bringing anyone?"

"Nah. Since Serena and I are both single we figured we could hang out with you the whole time. Plus I've been paired with her for that first-dance thing." He left out the part that technically Serena was his date.

"Good plan. Then we can be lone wolves together. We'll stick Serena with one of Micha's bridesmaids who'll keep her from getting in too much trouble, then we'll head out on the town."

"You don't think your sister will have something to say about that?"

Xavier rolled his eyes. "You know my sister, she'd rather be in a corner with a book anyway. Not exactly one for taking risks or living it up."

Oh he knew Serena all right, but Wednesday, there hadn't been a book in sight. He made it a point to drag the conversation away from the woman occupying most of his brain space. "Listen, I know you're busy, so let's get down to it, and then we can pick up dinner tonight maybe?"

"Sounds good. What can I do for you?"

Tyson smiled. He'd dreamed of this day for nearly three years, since X had loaned him the money. "It's what I can do for you." After reaching into his pocket, Tyson pulled out the envelope and slid it over to X.

His friend frowned at the envelope. "What's this?"

"Open it, would you?"

His friend pursed his lips and slid the flap of the folded paper open, then pulled out the check. He whistled low before glancing back at Tyson. "Dude, what is this?"

"I'm paying you back."

Xavier shook his head. "No, you're not. The only reason I agreed to a loan was because you insisted. Shit, I owed you my life. You kept me out of jail on more than one occasion. And that thing with Missy Carpenter, hell, you saved me years of misery. I never expected you to pay me back."

He pushed the money back at Ty. Tyson shook his head. He'd known X would refuse the payment. "I'm afraid I'm going to insist, X. We agreed on a loan. So I'm paying you back with standard interest."

"This is ridiculous. You're paying me too much. And you're about three years ahead of schedule. Use the money to expand or something."

"Look, X, I knew you would say that. But it's important I do this. You bailed me out when shit was rough, and I didn't want to take it. But I had no choice. I know you don't even think about it. But I do. Every day. It's important to me that I'm able to do this and say thank you. I owe you one."

His friend blinked rapidly and slid his gaze away. Taking the check, he shoved it into a drawer, and Tyson smiled. Maybe X was getting emotional at his ripe age of twenty-six. But his friend was shrewd. Eventually it would hit him that Ty had given him a cashier's check. Ty had done that on purpose so X wouldn’t be tempted to not cash it in the hopes his friend would keep the money. The check was as good as cash so he’d take it whether he liked it or not.

Xavier cleared his throat. "I was happy to do it. You've always been like a brother to me and Serena."

Yeah...brother. "Still am. How about you get busy talking rich widows into investing in property, and I'll see you for dinner?"

"Sounds like a plan. I have the perfect spot."



Several hours later, Tyson took a swig of his beer and smiled at the pretty waitress who winked at him. X wasn't kidding about the women in this town. If his mind and his cock weren't completely preoccupied with someone else, Ty'd be all over it. "I love this place."

X laughed and shoved another crawfish into his mouth. "I come here at least once every couple of weeks. They even save a table for me."

Tyson laughed. "You're lucky they let you come back after you and Serena nearly cleaned them out of their gumbo pot the last time we were all here." The twins could eat.

"How is my sister anyway?"

Tyson bought himself some time with another sip of beer. "Ah, you know Serena, she's good. Work or at home. That's about it, unless I drag her out. I think she started dancing again though. She mentioned something about that."

X nodded. "Yeah, that's good. As long as she's not on the pole like the rest of the girls she works with."

As helpful as his brain was, it offered him an image of Serena swinging around a pole, dark hair flying around her like silk—instant erection. Damn. He shifted in his seat. "No. Though I'm always amazed at how you can be so cool with her working there. I remember how insane you were about protecting her at that other place."

X shrugged. "I still am, but I met her partners when they opened Club Prestige. Shit, I even invested. As far as I'm concerned she’s part owner of a nightclub. She's a good kid, and I know she's not going to do anything stupid. Besides, you know her. She's relentless. Driven and smart, but no amount of screaming and yelling is going to get her to do what I want. So it was either accept it and have you keep an eye on her, or hogtie her and make her move in with me."

"Something tells me she’d have none of it.”

X chuckled. “Serena and I have a tacit rule; she doesn't feed Mom and Dad info on my love life, and I don't tell them the real deal of her club. It works."

"Right." Their parents had always been hard on her.

His friend drained his beer and frowned. "So, I don't worry. Unless you're telling me there's something to be worried about? Is some douchebag sniffing around my baby sister?"

Yeah, this douchebag. But to be fair, Serena had been all over him too. Though he'd keep that to himself. Note to self, also don't mention how well her ass fits in your hands or that sexy little sound she makes when you rub her just right.

Shit. He was an asshole. "Nope. I'll make sure she's good. But maybe it's time for her to start seeing someone. It's been a few years. She seems lonely, that's all."

"What, you want to fix her up? Something tells me she wouldn't enjoy you interfering in her love life. Besides, it's not like either one of us knows anyone respectable. We know guys like us who've slept with too many women. Besides, she needs someone nice, refined. Educated. Not like us bums."

While that last statement chafed, X was right. Serena deserved the best, and Ty knew he wasn't it. But you want to be. He cleared his throat. "Speak for yourself. I'll be getting my piece of paper soon enough."

"I honestly don't see why you need a diploma. If you can pay me back like you did, you're making more than enough money. You didn't need a degree for that."

Except that he'd always wanted one. He'd been robbed of the experience. He wanted it. He wanted it all. He also wanted to make the old man proud. When his father fell ill, he'd been sad that his illness meant Ty couldn't finish school. He had to do it for the both of them. "I know. But I got my reasons."

X nodded and winked. "I get you. Women. You want a better class of women. There's something to be said for sexy coeds."

Tyson could only laugh, because X might not ever understand. "Yeah, that's it."

"So what's up with you anyway? Any girls on the horizon? You haven't mentioned anyone since…what was her name, Marcie, Misty, Missy? Something like that."

"You mean Marissa?" She'd been a sweet girl, but she'd wanted to take things to the next level—whatever the hell that meant—and he'd wanted to go back to school, and his focus had been on the business. That and she'd been jealous as hell about his relationship with Serena.

"I knew it was something like that. What happened to her?"

"Long gone."

"Bummer. No one else? I mean, you used to clean up in high school and college."

He supposed that was true. He'd filled in that Serena hole with lots of girls that paled in comparison. Eventually he'd learned not to compare. "I guess I'm looking for something more important."

"Yeah, but in the meantime, why don't you sample the buffet?"

Because I'm in love with someone else. Shit. Kissing Serena on Wednesday had really fucked him up. He needed to talk to her, see if he could get them settled again. Or else he'd have to explain to X why he couldn't keep his hands off his sister. And he wasn't looking forward to that kind of conversation.



After dinner with X, Tyson waited to board the last plane heading back to DC. He'd misjudged traffic to the New Orleans airport and arrived earlier than he'd thought, so with time to kill, of course Serena kept running through his mind. Just call her already. He missed her. Under normal circumstances, they’d have spoken at least twice today already. First thing in the morning and at least one by lunchtime. Yeah, he was a sap. He knew it. They had to fix this thing with them or he was going to lose her and he wasn’t willing to do that.

He was giving her space. That was what he was supposed to do, right? Or was it? He had no idea, and he was screwing this up. Whatever. He took out his phone and dialed her. He probably should have given thought to the fact that she was his favorite contact on his phone, but he'd deal with that piece of pussywhippedness later. Fuck, was that even a word?

The line rang three times before she answered, sounding a little breathless. Shit, maybe she'd been busy. "Ty?"

"Hey, uh. How's it going?"

"Good." There was a beat of silence. "Uh, great. Fine. Totally okay."

A smile tugged at his lips. Merely hearing her voice could do that. "I'm about to board. I get in late tonight."

"Oh." There was a dip in her voice, and he wasn't sure if that was disappointment or not. "Do you need me to pick you up?"

Fuck, this was so damn awkward. "Uh, no. I'm cool. I just, uh…I had dinner with X. He says you should call him."

She laughed, and he could almost hear her eyes rolling back. "I talk to him every other day, for the love of God. He's needier than a teenager with her first boyfriend."

"Yeah, sometimes." He paused, hunting for the right words. But then he thought, Fuck it all, and just said the first thing that tumbled out. "Look, about Wednesday. I'm sorry. And I know I was a prick yesterday. I had no idea how to deal. Not to mention you're family, so…"

There was another beat of silence on the line. Was she at work? "You’re sorry?"

"Yeah, uh, you know, for what…happened. Shit, I'm not even sure what the hell happened. One second everything was normal and the next, I was…well, I had…I mean, my c—" Shit. None of this was going right.

"Oh, I was there." Her voice was soft, husky. Was she remembering it the way he was? Even if she is, you still can't have her.

"Right. Do you think we could maybe talk about it? I don't want us to be weird."

"Tyson, relax. Zero weirdness. We're okay. Fine even. It was just a kiss."

Just a kiss? He frowned. He hadn't been able to sleep for two days thinking about her, and she thought it was just a kiss? Fine. If she wanted to be all cool and nonchalant, then fine. He’d be the definition of indifferent. Was this because of her?

Suddenly he felt like he was the needy teenager with her first boyfriend. "Yeah, just a kiss. Happens all the time." Except as many women as he'd been with, it had never been like that. It didn't matter how many times he took a shower and worked out his sexual frustration, one thought of her and he was hard, already throbbing.

"Yep." Then casually, she added, "So, I'll see you Monday for delivery at the club?"

"Yeah, of course." Perhaps it was time to have Mark take over the deliveries. But fuck it. He could show her that he was completely unaffected. And maybe also ask about her mysterious date.





8





Tyson dragged himself into his apartment after a full day of classes and threw himself on his couch. He couldn’t remember being this tired his first time through. Maybe because now his mind was full of so much other shit too. As first days went, it could have gone worse. He had some catching up to do but nothing major. And though he was coming in as a junior, he still had some basic first-year classes he needed to take.

His main problem was he still had his fucking business to run. Yeah he was using Leigh Distributors as his case study, but he was also still working, and they had a full roster of clients. Club Prestige being one of them.

He dragged his head up to glance at the clock. Okay, it was two p.m. He had thirty minutes to sit here and let his mind work around the events of the day before he had to get into the office. Today was delivery day at Club Prestige. Just thinking he might see Serena was enough to heat his blood.

She’d been so damn blasé about the kiss when he’d called. And that irritated the shit out of him. He’d been reeling. Torn apart. Hell, he’d barely been able to walk away from her, and now she could be so damn cool. Like, oh yeah, no big deal, kisses like that happened all the fucking time. Well, that didn't happen to him all the time.

Not like he cared. He had enough on his plate. School, which was going to be a challenge. A good challenge, but a challenge nonetheless. And the job. At this point Mark could handle a lot of it, but Tyson still needed to put in a good few hours of work at night. And homework. He didn’t want to forget that.

Of course, there was also his father. The old man had been doing well lately, but Tyson still needed to look out for him. The fucking bone cancer had taken his legs from the knee down. Then there had been too many months of chemo. Then rehab to learn how to walk with prosthetics and use his wheelchair. So he still needed consistent care.

And then there was Serena. The sole reason he hadn’t slept in nearly a fucking week. He’d have to start getting some rest if he wanted to manage everything. Right now, nothing was working. Well, seeing her wasn’t going to help. He had to find a way to get her out of his damn head, then everything would be just peachy.

Only one problem, he had no damn idea of how to do that. This shit was problematic. Yeah, he’d wanted women before, but this constant thinking, dreaming, fantasizing shit, it was messing with him. He couldn’t afford to be distracted. Not now. Not by her. He wanted his friend back. All he needed to do was talk to her and they’d sort it out in person and they could go back. She’d said it herself. Then he could focus on the shit that he needed to and forget about that needy, clawing, burning fire in his gut. He didn't have time for that.



Cara took her time studying the central stage and the bar. Her sharp eyes missed nothing from the central stage to the chandeliers to the gold leaf ceiling. From her smile, Serena could tell she liked it. "I have to say, it's pretty impressive. When you said you worked here, I didn't know what to expect. I've never been inside. But now that I have, I guess it's more burlesque club than strip club."

Serena shook her head. "No. This isn't your average strip club. The guys and girls love to dance, and some of them go naked, depending on their level of comfort and the room. But what we'll have you doing is more for the bachelorette crew. Teaching them how to move, dance, feel good about themselves. We'll keep you in a room on the main level. You'll deal with club members and guests."

Cara nodded. "I'm totally comfortable with that. It's pretty much what I'm doing already, right?"

"Exactly. That's why I thought you might be a good fit. I considered opening a room like this with one of the dancers, but while they are incredible, after I took your class, I knew you were the right person for the job.”

“A weekly class is a great revenue stream, and it’s consistent. Plus it makes the club seem more accessible to the masses.”

“We make plenty of money. But, it seems we have a slight image problem. So this will help.” Serena said.

"Well cardio strip is a hot work out trend right now. Even soccer moms are doing it, so the occasional open class should help. And, the set up is perfect, and it has the same usual things that I need. No public access to view the class. And it's intimate. It's a great space."

“Excuse me, Serena, uno momento.”

She met Antonio's gaze. “Hi, Antonio.” Turning to Cara, Serena said, “Give me one sec.”

Dinner with Antonio had gone well. Hell, it was just nice to get out. Antonio was great company. He was gorgeous, charming, and educated. Micha was right, just going out with a man and acting like an adult had done wonders for her mood. He was just the kind of man she said she wanted to date. So what’s your problem? He was perfect. Just not for her. He’s not Tyson.



* * *



She stepped aside with him and had a clear line of sight of the door for Tyson’s delivery. “Do you have everything you need in the office, Antonio?”

“Yes. Thank you for generously giving me a place to work while I’m here in Washington. I honestly could have just used the hotel.”

“Nonsense. You took me to dinner, and we had a spare office, so while we’re clearing the paperwork for the prince and his bodyguards, you might as well.”

“I have most of the paperwork complete but I need the fax number for the consulate to send over the Italian background checks for the Prince’s final bodyguard.”

“Oh, of course. Will can get that for you. He’s just out front.”

His voice dropped low, and he touched her elbow gently. “Molto Buena. And so that I make sure I've said it, dinner the other night was fun. I would like to do it again. Maybe we won't discuss work next time?”

Serena froze. Oh, a second date. Wait, had that been technically a first date? Okay, yeah, she was totally prepared for this. Micha had given her the tools anyway. Except when she opened her mouth, instead of saying, Yes, that would be lovely, she said, “Oh, thank you so much, but I'm seeing someone.”

WTF. No she wasn't. No seeing. Shit, her own brain was working against her.

He gave her a soft smile, touching her arm again. “Perhaps when you aren't taken, give me a call. I can be patient.” He flashed a smile

What the hell had just happened? Suddenly, she had mojo in spades.

Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted Tyson. She'd thought he might send Mark on his own, but no. He’d come himself. He didn't look happy though. His lips pressed together firmly and his eyes held a glint of danger. Well, whatever he was pissed about, she didn't care. So he'd kissed her and she'd leaned into it, big deal. If he wasn't into kissing her, there were others who were. Micha was right, the more normal she kept things, the more she would unsettle him. When she’d said it was cool and they were fine, he had actually been irritated. Too bad for him.

She walked back up to Cara, and her friend smiled. "So, I can see why you wanted to come to classes."

"Huh? I'm sorry, what was that?"

Cara inclined her head towards Tyson. "Well, I’m not kicking the hot Italian with the sexy brown eyes outta bed, but as you’re panting over tall, dark, and soak your panties, over there. I must say, I approve."

Serena blushed. "Is it that obvious?"

"Let's just say I have a lot of experience with wanting someone that I shouldn't have or can't have for whatever reason."

"Yeah, we're sort of at that point. You know, an impasse. Something happened between us, and neither one of us really knows how to deal."

"I'm sure you guys will figure it out."

Tyson looked up and locked gazes with her. A shiver rippled through her, and the low, pulsing need was all she could focus on. "Hopefully sooner rather than later."

He said something to Redd, then headed straight over. Cara whistled. "What I wouldn't give to be on the other end of that kind of attention."

"Might not be all it's cracked up to be," Serena muttered.

He walked like a graceful cat with deliberate, precise movements, leaving no question as to where he was going. “Can I borrow you for a minute?"

His voice melted over her like warm chocolate, and she bit back a moan. "Uh, yeah. Sure thing. But first, this is my friend Cara. She's going to start teaching here soon."

Tyson's gaze flickered over to Cara and he gave her a tight smile. "Nice to meet you. You mind if I borrow Serena for a sec?"

"No," she said with an easy smile. "We were done anyway. Serena, I'll just email you the paperwork, and we'll be good to go?"

"Sure thing, Cara. Later." To Tyson, she said, "You want to talk here or in my office?"

His beautiful stormy green eyes landed on her lips and stayed there for a long moment. "Your office," he ground out.

Sure they could talk. Fine by her. Then maybe he could explain what the hell his problem was.

Once inside her office, she put a hand on his arm before closing the door. He jumped.

"What's up?" She leaned against her desk as nonchalantly as she could. She'd been so used to not being good enough that it was a heady rush to see him clearly distracted over her.

His gaze narrowed on her face, and she licked her lips. She did a small internal victory dance when he cleared his throat and shook his head.

"I was just going to apologize again. I—" He frowned. “Who was that guy? Your date from the other night?”

"Oh him? That was Antonio.” She pushed away from the desk. “How long have we been friends? A little kiss isn't going to ruin that. It happened, no big deal."

The muscle in his jaw ticked. "Just a kiss? You kiss any of your other friends that way? Did you kiss Antonio that way?"

He was jealous? "What? No. He’s an attaché for a client. Us kissing once is not the end of the world. That's all I meant."

"So that's it, you were completely unaffected? And I've been busy worrying for a week that I'd ruined something."

Her lips twitched, but she held back the smile. He was irritated that it wasn't a big deal to her? Interesting. "Ty." She deliberately brushed past him as she went to pull one of the binders from her shelf. She had no idea what she'd took out, but right now she didn't care. Neither did her nipples that were standing at erect attention beneath her blouse. "We didn’t do anything we have to regret, and we're grownups." She shrugged. "It's not like we felt anything.”

His brows snapped together. Shit. Too far? She tried to pedal back. "I guess, I mean, did you feel anything?"

He stepped into her space, and she moved back, landing her ass on her desk.

"You didn't feel anything?" His voice was low. Gravelly.

She swallowed hard. "I—uh. It's just—"

His intense focus pinned her in place. "Because I haven't been able to sleep in nearly a week. Every time I close my eyes, all I see is you."

Warmth flooded her chest. "Y-you do?"

"It pisses me off that you didn't feel anything."

"I didn't say that. But I— Why does it piss you off, Ty? You're the one who said you didn't want to screw things up. You said you were sorry and you never intended for that to happen. How was I supposed to react?" She poked him in the chest, but he didn't budge. "No woman wants to hear that someone is sorry they kissed them. God, you are such an a—"

He cut her off with a bruising kiss, his lips firm and unyielding on hers. His tongue barely waited for her surprised gasp before delving inside to explore.

Serena's muscles went languid and warm, and all she could do was hold on for the ride. Tyson gripped her ass and pulled her close, and she could feel every muscle. Every pulse of his erection.

He throbbed against her belly. Serena moaned. His hands tightened in her hair, but he held her gently. With a low growl, he tugged up the fabric of her skirt, muffling a moan when he stepped between her parted thighs.

His drugging kisses made her dizzy. Her head spun. She didn't know which way was up, which way was down, or which way had her tumbling through an abyss.

Tyson dragged his lips from hers, placing open-mouthed kisses along the column of her neck and her jaw. His fingers fumbled with the buttons on her silk blouse, but she had easier access to him. Just an upward tug of his shirt and…oh yes.

Her fingertips played over the taut muscles of his lower abs, and he hissed against her flesh.

He eventually gave up with her buttons and just tugged up her blouse and mimicked her movements, bracketing her waist and sliding his thumbs over each rib. He teased her by gently rubbing his thumbs on the undersides of her breasts, and Serena arched her back into the caress, seeking more.

"Fuck, Serena. I…" The words fell away when he palmed her. Her full curves filled his hands, and he hitched in a breath.

"Ty-Tyson."

He kissed her again as his thumb traced circles over her nipple. Slow and steady. He delved his tongue into her mouth, licking inside, making her burn and ache and pulse. All she could do was cling to him and try to get as much access to his skin as she could. Because touching him felt like waking up on Christmas morning.

One thing was the absolute truth. Tyson Leigh was sinful with his hands. His very sure fingers rolled her nipple, and his free hand snuck under the layers of her skirt. Her breathing tore out of her mouth in ragged pants.

"You feel something now, Serena?"

"Tyson…" As far as coherent thoughts went, that was all she could muster.

Lips only a whisper from hers, he leaned his forehead against hers. "How about now?" His thumb slid under the elastic of her panties, gliding over her skin.

"Oh-oh. Holy—"

He kissed her again before whispering, "It certainly seems like you can feel this. I want to know, Serena. Because I can feel it. How wet you are, how much you need me." Another slide of his lips. Deeper now, with his tongue mimicking the slow roll of his thumb.

Tension swelled up her spine, and all she could think about was this man, this moment and how much she had always wanted him. How she had hoped that he might want her. Faster and faster he stroked over her slick flesh, making her shiver and burn all at once. Before she knew it, she was chasing that euphoric high, that sweet surrender that would melt her into a puddle on her desk.

Tyson licked into her mouth, and he stroked her cheek with his thumb as he dragged her toward the cliff of oblivion. She went willingly, clinging to him.

Incoherent whispers of need and lust and desperation filled her office, along with groans and moans and patchy breaths. "Yes…right there…more…" mingled with his sounds of "You like that? So beautiful…so soft."

So close, she was so close. His hips ground into her, and she arched her back, seeking any contact that would get her there.

But some distant sound of knocking and clicking intruded on her happy bliss.

Tyson was faster than she was. He knew what was happening and pulled his fingers from her and adjusted her top before she could blink.

Jerome, one of the dancers, swung the door open just as Tyson stepped out from between her thighs. He stopped and stared. "Shit. Sorry, boss lady." His gaze swung up to the ceiling. "You said to just come in and drop the time card on your desk. Didn't realize you were in here. Uh… I'll just…" His voice trailed off as he tried to make a quick escape.

"It's okay. I'll take your time card." She could barely move from the strung-out lust and the total embarrassment. But she reached for his card.

He handed it to her and beat a hasty retreat. She was well aware that she'd be the topic of gossip in less than an hour.

Tyson leaned back against the bookcase and glared at her. "What are you doing to me?"

"I don't— I don't understand."

He stared at her intensely, but muttered, "I'm going to go."

"Ty, wait, what—?"

He held up a hand. "No, Serena, I have to. I'll call you. And no, that's not some bullshit line. I will call you, but if I start talking about it in here and we try to work it out, I will fuck you on your desk."

As she watched him walk out, she wondered how in the world that would be a bad thing.





9





Tyson stormed into his office at Leigh Distributors, bypassing his assistant’s desk with barely a muttered greeting. That shit in Serena’s office. It was reckless…hot. Irresponsible…hot. Stupid…hot. What the hell was he thinking? A minute more and that guy would have seen the two of them screwing on top of her desk. Tyson ran a hand through his hair.

There was a brief knock at the door and Mark opened it without waiting for an answer. Usually Mark avoided him when he was in a mood, but they had to meet if Ty was going to get some of the day to day operations stuff off his plate. In the last week it had become glaringly apparent that he needed to delegate.

Mark jumped right in. "You want to talk about it.”

Ty so wasn't in the mood right now. “Not today, Mark. We have the Minterman's account. It's for a new restaurant. I'll need you to handle that paperwork for onboarding and then take the meeting next week to determine what they want for inventory."

"Minterman’s got it. Listen, the way you tore out of Club Prestige like the devil was chasing you, I figured maybe you could use someone to talk to. Come on. Pretend I'm Dr. Phil or some shit."

No way was he talking to Mark. "No thanks. I don’t need anyone to talk to."

"You sure about that? Because you nearly bit Redd’s head off when she asked if you had any additional bottles of tequila. Then, you just about growled at the driver. It wasn't the poor schmuck's fault that there was so much traffic. We live in DC. It's to be expected. Want to talk about what happened with the beautiful Miss Serena Bennett?"

"No. Not up for discussion."

Mark shrugged. "Then let's go ahead and pretend your problem is school then. Rough first few days of classes?"

Tyson scowled. "Shut up."

His friend smirked. "So that brings us back to the girl then. What's the matter, trouble in platonic paradise?"

Tyson glared at him.

"Yo, don't shoot the messenger. I mean, I told you, didn't I? I told you if you didn't do something, someone was going to swoop in and snatch her up. And that fancy douchebag looked like he was up for it. But she didn't look that interested. And guys like that think it's their job to flirt and shit. He's Italian. Don't take it too personally. But if it's going to twist you up, then maybe it's time you just admit what you're dealing with and deal with it accordingly."

"You don't know what the fuck you're talking about." Ty was so twisted up inside, he was pretty sure his cock might never speak to him again. He wanted her. Was desperate to have her. The control he kept in place, Serena was shaking that. It was harder and harder to keep his equilibrium with her.

He'd wanted to talk. Just talk. Make sure they were cool. Then he'd seen the guy in the suit touching her. Next thing he knew, he had his thumb stroking over her clit and he was in fucking heaven, not giving a shit about the consequences. "Just drop it, Mark. I can't do this right now."

"Okay, fine. I'll let it go. But sooner or later you're going to have to admit what's been obvious to the rest of us for ages."

Tyson tipped his chin up. "Oh yeah, and what's that?"

"That you're in love with that girl. One of these days you should do something about it."

Ty's problem was he had done something about it. And now he didn't have a clue what to do next.



“How did it go?"

Micha's voice was a bit muffled as Serena stuck her earpiece in and headed for the metro. "Well, it's not like I can say it went bad, but shit is a lot more confusing now."

"Why? Tell Mama Mi all the things."

“So we did talk. And it's not better. Because then we made out.”

“Uh, I’m going to need details here.”

"We talked he pretty much said, Sorry for kissing you. Then when we talked again we almost had sex...in my office. So I'm pretty sure I’m going to get the 'sorry we almost boned in your office' version." She sighed as she avoided the pedestrians on the crowded streets of Dupont Circle. She wanted to take Cara's class again, but at this rate she wasn’t going to make it. She could certainly take it at the club now that Cara worked there, but there was no way she was traipsing around on a pole in tiny short-shorts in front of people who in essence worked for her. Not. Going. To. Happen. When she’d said she wanted to be seen and noticed, that was not what she had in mind.

"He just doesn't know what he wants. Don't let that discourage you, sweetie. Because it's clear as day that the guy wants you."

"Yeah, but it's also clear he's conflicted about it. He just backed off. Like I had scalded him."

"He's a guy. And he was jealous. Plus, sometimes some people take a little longer to come around. It was like that with Caleb and I. You be you, don't take any prisoners. He’ll come around, and then you guys can talk. But first he has to come to terms with the attraction. You can be confident and funny and steely when it's business. You can deal with a man. Especially a man who wants you."

"I don't want to play games."

Her cousin was silent for a beat then mumbled something to someone else. "You don't have to. And talking is the easiest route. Just this once I’m going to suggest it be with clothes on."

"I just want to figure out what's going on. And if he doesn't want me, that's fine. But this shit is confusing. He kisses me then says he can't do this. It's infuriating. The not knowing is the part that's killing me. I'm not twelve. I know a couple of hot, steamy make outs doesn't make a relationship, but I'd like my friend back if nothing else."

Micha sighed, and Serena could picture her rolling her eyes. "Honey bunches of oats, talk to the man! Kick it to him straight-talk style. Figure this shit out. It's not good for you. Or better yet, fuck him. Fuck him so good his brain can't overthink it. Then talk to him."

“Micha. Not helping.” But her libido was totally behind that idea. All she had to do was get Tyson to call her back. Considering he didn't seem to be talking to her, it was easier said than done. Her phone beeped, and she said goodbye to Micha before switching over. “Hello?”

“Hi Serena, it's Ty.”

“You calling to apologize again, because I could do without it.”

There was a beat of silence. “Yeah, I deserve that. But I'm tired of fighting this. I mean clearly, we are pretty volatile. And it's not like I can stay away from you.”

Serena tried not to get too excited. “So what are you saying?”

“I'm saying, maybe we go out. You know, in public.... See what happens.”

“Like a date?

“Yeah. If you're game.”

“I guess it's a date.”





10





Tyson wiped his hands on his jeans. Damn, he was nervous. When was the last time he'd been nervous about a date? Never. Because none of them were her. Then he'd realized that wasn't working, so he'd picked girls that were the total opposite of her: blondes, lots of blondes. That hadn't worked either. They never stuck. He could never love them.

He knocked on the door to her condo, and she opened it immediately. She'd been waiting for him. A smile tugged at his lips, and she grinned. "I was not waiting for you."

"Uh-huh." He couldn't help but laugh. She wore a black leather skirt that flared at the knee and a red top that hugged her waist and had angular lines that was mostly open at the back. She'd paired the ensemble with stiletto boots. All he could do was stare at her for a moment. He wanted to stay in with her. He wanted time for them to get lost in each other…inside her apartment.

Stop it. This isn't why you're here tonight. No. No, it wasn't. Fighting her hadn't worked, and trying to pretend he wasn't into her hadn't worked either, so he might as well do what he wanted. "You look beautiful."

She gave him her best Serena smile, and he pretty much felt like he could fly.

"Thank you." She hitched her finger behind her. "Did you want to come in for a second?"

Fuck. Yes. "No. Better not. I want to take you to dinner. And if I'm taking you to dinner, then going inside will be counterintuitive to that, especially with you looking the way you do. Better safe than naked permanently."

"Right." She flushed as she nodded. "I'll just grab my purse."

Seeing her wobble slightly in her shoes, he was glad he'd opted to drive instead of suggesting somewhere in her neighborhood they could walk too. Adams Morgan had a million bars and clubs and restaurants, but he didn't want to do the college and hipster scene right now. He'd signed a new contract with an Asian fusion spot close to Pennsylvania Avenue. If he was going to crash and burn tonight, he didn't want it to be because he didn’t go all in.

He opened doors for her, helped her in and out of the car, took her hand to walk her into the restaurant. He knew how to be a good date. But with Serena? That shit scared him. Terrified him. Because it could be real.

He wanted her to see that he wasn't just some guy trying to get with her. Somehow that was really important to him. It mattered. She mattered. And he needed her to understand that. With that shithead ex of hers, she hadn't known that.

At the restaurant, she grinned at him when the host seated them in a private dining area. "You know, you didn't have to go to all this trouble. I mean, it's beautiful, but this is too much. It’s just me."

He ducked his head. "I know I've been sort of acting like a Neanderthal for a bit and haven't been able to keep my hands off of you, but you deserve nice things. You deserve someone who's going to give them to you."

Her cheeks tinted pink. "Thank you, Ty."

"Now…" He dragged his gaze back to his menu before he got carried away attempting a better glance at her cleavage in that low-cut top. "What do you want to order?"

She laughed. “Is this the part where I pretend that I don't love to eat and just order a salad.”

“Well, considering I’ve had to fight you over the last piece of cake before, I think your secret is out.”

Her lips twitched. “I can’t believe you actually fought a girl.”

“Have you seen you fight over something you want?”

Serena took a sip of her wine. “Let that be a lesson to all who try to steal my last piece of cake.”

She looked so beautiful in the soft candlelight. When was the last time he was this nervous on a date?

Maybe never. For a long moment, he just watched her as she ordered. The way she flipped her hair over her shoulder, her mouth as she asked questions, her eyes as she smiled up at the waiter. When it was his turn, he mumbled his order, but he couldn’t take his eyes off of her. When the waiter left, he asked, “Do you have any idea that I have spent years trying to avoid this exact moment?” Damn. He didn't mean to say that out loud.

She cocked her head and studied him. “Why? Because of Xavier?”

Ty shook his head. “Because you and X are the best friends I’ve ever had. And I was terrified of messing that up.”

“So, what? You're not terrified anymore?”

His lips tipped into a smile as he told her the truth. “Oh, I’m still worried about screwing it all up. But now I’m more worried that I might go crazy if I keep fighting it. The first time I saw you, I thought you were the most beautiful girl I’d ever laid eyes on. And I have had feelings for you for so long, I can’t even separate that from our friendship.” He sat back. “I also thought you had a mean heel flip. The things you could do on a skateboard were unreal.”

Pink tinted her cheeks as she laughed, and he relished the sound. “Man, I haven’t been on a skateboard in a million years.” She leaned forward, her eyes lighting up as she gave him an impish smile. “I’ll tell you a little secret. It helped that I was a dancer. I automatically had better balance.”

“I knew it. There had to be a reason you were so good. I mean, we were nine and you were kicking mine and X’s ass every time we took the boards out. It was irritating as hell, but I was also completely enamored with you. For a girl, you were pretty awesome.”

“You weren’t so bad yourself when you bothered to acknowledge my presence. All I wanted was the two of you to notice and pay attention to me. Well, you more than X. I had such a huge crush on you.”

He licked his lips. “I noticed. I’ve always noticed.”

She bit her bottom lip. “And all it took was a pair of stunning stilettos.”

A laugh burst out of his chest before he could contain it. “Do you have any idea what you were doing to me that night? I mean I was already walking a very tight rope. And then you turn up in leather and stilettos, I just cracked. You are diabolical.”

“Correction, Micha is diabolical. I merely followed her instructions because, like always, I wanted you to notice me…and you did.”

“You got that right.” His gaze locked on hers and the charge of electricity ricocheted through him despite what else was going on with him, this is where he wanted to be, with her. He just had to make sure they could preserve what they had before. They’d have to figure out a way because he liked this version of her. A lot.



Serena fiddled with the latch of her clutch. So this was it. The good-night kiss was sort of expected. Anticipated. But with them, one kiss, one touch, one tickle of awareness could change everything. Would change everything. Was she ready for that? It was one thing when a surprise kiss changed things, it was another thing when the guy she'd lusted after for years was standing in front of her.

He was right though. They had to think about repercussions. Getting into this with their hormones driving was an approach that could break them, and he didn't want that. Neither did she. She loved him no matter what. Could they be friends again? Would doing this kill them? She saw now how things could go all twisty with them. This was decision time. Should she risk it? Was it worth it?

Ty watched her carefully. "I don't think I've ever been this nervous."

"Me too." She shifted in her boots and suddenly regretted them. She loved the new look, but she would pay cash money to be barefoot in Ty's place, wearing leggings and watching a movie. Then another image flashed of the two of them in her office and his thumb driving her mad. Making her crazy, making her beg. She wanted both Tys, but she didn't want to sacrifice one for the other.

"Serena? You know we can't do casual."

She blinked up at him. "I know."

“Good, because I don't want to. I'm going to kiss you now."





11





Serena held her breath, trying to prepare for the onslaught of emotions. She was ready for the hard and the fast and the desperate and needy. But Ty surprised her. His lips were almost unbearably soft as he slid them gently over hers. Sweetly sipping at her lips, Tyson pulled her close, gradually deepening the kiss as he walked them to the wall, trapping her between his body and the cool surface.

Ty slipped his hand through her hair as his tongue delved in, coaxing hers into a sensual game. Tonight, there was no frenzied rush, no hurry, no forbidden demon chasing them, urging them to rush before they got caught. Or worse, before they came to their senses.

And when it came to kissing, Ty was a bona fide expert. He knew how to set a pace so that the distant, burning flames of lust built slowly and steadily, never flashing and burning too quickly. Never mind that his erection pulsed insistently against her belly. He didn't hurry.

“Tyson, please,” she murmured against his lips, as he continued to torment her.

He chuckled low before whispering, “We have all the time in the world.” When he tucked a hand under her blouse, she arched into the caress. How could he be so in control when someone had set fire to her insides? She moaned low when his thumb grazed under the curve of her breast, before gliding up to tease the nipple. The motion had her sucking in a ragged breath even as she pushed closer. Her eyelids fluttering closed, his name tripped out on a whisper when he caressed her nipple, brushing the pad of his thumb over the lace cup of her bra.

“Your skin is so soft,” he murmured, as he kissed along the length of her neck, nuzzling her with his nose. When he dragged his lips back to hers, the kiss turned from sizzling to scorching.

She’d thought she craved sweet and slow tonight, but hell, what did she know? Serena just knew how much she wanted him. Still locked in their embrace, he turned them around and walked them toward her bedroom. Kicking open the door, he gave a low growl of satisfaction when they staggered inside.

The sounds of their moans and groans as they kissed reverberated on her walls. His kisses deepened, turning the heat up on their kisses to five-alarm status. His large hands gripped her tight, his tongue growing more demanding. They fell on the bed, and Tyson swore under his breath as the thick, pulsing length of him nestled at the juncture of her thighs.

He tore his lips off hers, then slid down the zipper of her skirt, before shifting to tug it over her legs. His eyes were half lidded as he crawled back up her body.

When he settled between her thighs again, the seam of his jeans met right where she ached for him, and the two of them hissed. He pulsed, and she bucked, neither one of them breaking their intense locked stares.

He broke first with the rotation of her hips. His eyes rolled up, and he clenched his jaw tight. “Fuck, Serena. I want you so bad.”

Feeling bold, she whispered, “Then do something about it.” She turned her head to the side, giving him free access to her neck. He sucked hard enough to make her gasp and then soothed away the bite with his tongue. They both fumbled and struggled to tug off his shirt. Hers followed as she gently slid it over her arms. And finally, he stepped out of his jeans. She held her breath and stared up at him as he hooked his thumbs inside his boxer briefs. The tight muscles in his abs rippled as he moved, and Serena licked her lips. Tyson’s lips tipped into a lopsided smile, and he lost the boxers.

Serena could only stare. Good Lord the man’s body was a work of art. He could have been chiseled out of smooth tab rock that warmed to the touch. She wanted to run her lips over every—

“Hey, beautiful, my eyes are up here.”

She giggled but didn’t bring her gaze up to meet his. Instead she kept her eyes glued to his erection gently bobbing in her direction.

“Oh, sorry. I got distracted.”

“You keep staring like that and he’s going to demand an introduction.”

“I think I’m going to have to demand one.”

“I think we can arrange for that to happen,” he whispered.

Serena could feel the fire under her skin everywhere his gaze landed, searing through her bones. She quickly unclasped her bra, bringing the cups down as Tyson leaned over her and knelt between her legs. A low, rumbling noise erupted from his chest as he pinned her against the mattress.

Serena arched her back, giving him better access to her breasts. When he rewarded her by clasping his lips around a hardened peak, she dug her hands into his hair. “Tyson.”

Gently, he sucked one nipple while he teased the other with his thumb. Serena rocked her hips along the heat of his cock, needing the friction, needing his touch.

God, he was torturing her. That was the only explanation. She tried to tug him up to kiss her. He didn't budge, instead just taking his time, laving her nipple, killing her slowly with pleasure. “Tyson, I need you to move,” she begged, as she ground her heat against him.

He chuckled low. “I could spend an eternity sucking your breasts. You make the best sounds when I graze my teeth against you like this.” He performed the action, laughing when she mewled. “And when I suck on you, you do this.” He took her deep, and as if operating on instinct, she moaned low. “See, I could do this all day. And bonus, they fit my hands perfectly, like they were made for me to suck and play with. Makes me wonder if you can come with me doing only this.” He licked his lips before brushing them over the beaded tip again. “Can you, baby?”

She loved how he talked to her, teased her with his words. She nearly wept in relief when he let go of her nipple and kissed down her body. She shuddered when he nipped her thong with his teeth, then dragged the flimsy fabric down her legs, inch by inch, revealing her heated center as her clit throbbed and ached for his attention. Tyson didn’t disappoint as he slid into position, pulled her legs up, adjusting them on his shoulders as he got to work.

Oh shit. Her back bowed off the bed when his firm tongue stroked her. His tongue probed and delved and licked her from clit to center and below, teasing her perineum with his tongue. “Tyson, oh my God.”

Serena dug her hands into his hair, twining her fingers through the silken dark strands. It didn't take much before she was moaning loud and screaming his name. Just when she stood on the edge of the cliff of pure bliss, he pulled back.

“Tyson, please, I’m begging you.” He had an evil streak, gently sucking on her clit, but not with enough pressure to make her come.

He locked gazes with her when he suddenly applied pressure, sucking hard on her pleasure button. He clamped his hands on her thighs to prevent her from closing them. A lightning bolt of ecstasy snaked up her spine.

The edges of her vision went first, then her lungs seemed to fail as she couldn’t get in a final breath. And then sweet, violent oblivion as her body broke apart in his more than capable hands.



Fuck, Tyson never wanted to stop. He could eat her all damn day, she was so fucking sweet. He was never letting her out of this bed. Not now that he knew what being with her could be like. All he had to do was convince her staying naked in bed with him was the world’s best idea. Luckily he had a few thoughts on how to do that.

Her inner thigh muscles clenched and unclenched as he alternated between licking gently at her clit and fucking her with his tongue.

When she finally went limp in his arms, he shifted her up the bed and snatched his wallet from the floor, making quick work of the condom before settling between her thighs once more.

As he licked into her mouth, his cock nudged her slippery, slick entrance. God, he wanted to take her fast, sink so far inside that she never thought of anyone else. But she was so sensitive and soft, and he didn’t want to go too quick.

She flashed him a wicked smile, and he almost didn’t care about going slow, but he forced himself to. He rolled them over so she sat astride his hips. His cock nudged her sweet ass as she laughed.

Fuck she was sweet. His cock throbbed insistently. His brain helpfully offered the other ways he could have her in this position. Oh damn, so damn hot, but right now, he wanted her slick, wet heat pulling him in.

She shifted so she straddled his waist, the tip of his cock probing her clit, and she shuddered on top of him. She rocked her slickness over his cock, once, twice, and again, and Tyson was ready to come. He could feel the urgency, the fire snaking around his spine. His hands tightened on her waist. She leaned forward, kissing him softly, and with one uptick of his hips, she took him deep. Fuck. Holy shit.

Their tongues danced, and Tyson gripped her hips, guiding her movement as they moved together.

Tyson’s hands clenched and unclenched, his breathing ragged as he eased her down to take more of him. She sat up, bracing her hands on his chest, and she rode, taking control. He slipped his hand between them, using his thumb to stroke over her clit, and her eyes rolled back. A fleeting smile flitted over her lips.

“I love that face. I want to put that look on your face every damn minute of every damn day. So wet and hot for me,” he said, before he reached up with his free hand to tease her nipple.

She increased the pace, making those sexy mewling sounds deep inside her throat as she rode him. His hands tightened on her ass as he drove into her.

Tyson couldn’t look away. He didn't want to miss a thing. Not a single expression. She cried out, “Oh, my God, Tyson.”

He sat up and wrapped his arms around her. “God. You are so fucking tight, sweetheart,” Tyson growled into her ear.

Serena threw her head back, and Tyson steeled himself against the tight milking of her inner walls on his cock. Fuck. So good. So… Oh God. He came hard, his heart exploding and his body convulsing. Holy shit. Serena Bennett might be the death of him.





12





Giddy. That was the only way to describe how Ty felt every time he went to campus. Of course this could have to do with Serena too. He'd ridden his bike to campus and had that happy, excited feeling of a kid with a new toy. Except what he had was better. He had Serena.

You sure about that?

He'd meant what he said. The two of them couldn't do casual. Especially not now that he'd had a taste.

You finally are back where you've wanted to be. He’d worked so hard to get back to school. It had nearly broken him when he had to leave. He just had to find a way to juggle everything. Would waiting have killed you? Yes. Because someone else would be touching her.

And the strip club? Not important. Besides, it might be a nonissue. That ordinance she was so worried about might take care of the problem. He didn't want her to lose her business, of course, but it would be better if she stepped back from it a little. Found her passion, pursued her original dreams, She'd see it eventually.

He'd been in a hurry this morning, but that hadn't stopped her from giving him a wake-up call to end all wake-up calls. His skin still tingled. He’d been distracted during his morning classes just thinking about seeing her again for lunch. The shadow of Xavier loomed nearby, but he shoved it away before it could dampen his mood.

He'd deal with the Xavier question later. Things were too new—he didn't want to ruin it with X. There was no way that Serena would be happy if her twin brother was breathing down their necks.

"Hey, stranger."

Tyson looked up and around for the familiar voice. He was waiting for Serena, but that certainly wasn't her. Then a familiar blonde approached, and he had to suppress his surprise. "Amber? What are you doing here?"

She rolled her eyes. "What, you're the only one who can go to school?"

"No. I just meant I'm surprised to see you. You've never mentioned you were a student at American."

"That's because you never take me out or make time to talk to me. I can do more than just take my clothes off, you know."

Land mine up ahead. He skirted around that. "What are you studying?"

"Poli-Sci. I'm a senior. What about you?"

"Freshman technically, but I did online classes for most of the gen-ed stuff, so I'm more of a junior. I figured I'd finish my business degree."

"That's cool." She took a seat next to him. "So, since you won't ask me to dinner, I guess I'll just join you for lunch."

He squirmed. "Look, Amber, I'm sorry. I'm meeting someone."

She frowned and nodded. "Someone you didn't mention you had a couple of weeks ago."

"That's because I didn't. And it's new."

"So when you said you didn't have time for anything, you meant me?"

Damn. "I'm sorry. Things have been brewing for a while, and I was trying to let you down gently."

"Next time you should try some honesty, it does better." She shrugged. "Besides, I'm not stupid. Anyone with eyes can see you have a thing for Serena."

"I—I—uh, what do you mean?" He was pretty sure Serena still wanted to keep everyone out of it for now. The last thing she needed was gossip. Not like Jerome hadn't told the whole club by now.

"Really? Come on."

Keeping the lid on the two of them was going to be a lot more difficult if he had to contend with an annoyed girl. "Listen, I'm sorry. You're gorgeous, but it wouldn’t work."

She glowered. "Because I take my clothes off?"

Oh look, another land mine. "Because I'm in love with someone else."

That shut her up. Her lips formed an O shape, and she sagged. "Sorry, I guess I just became the stalker type right now. Won't happen again." She stood and picked up her backpack.

"I'm sorry, Amber. Dozens of guys would love a shot."

"It's fine. A word of advice, though. You and her might not be the best idea. My guess is one of the reasons you won't date me is I'm a stripper. She owns the joint. I doubt you’ll get over that. The Italian guy, Antonio, is more her speed—"

He narrowed his gaze. "Are you sure about that?"

"Yeah. I am. You'll crash and burn." She walked away fluidly, her gait speaking to her dance training.

The tiny voice he'd been silencing since he'd first kissed Serena surfaced. He shoved his thoughts aside and plastered a smile on his face when he finally saw Serena coming, dark tresses flowing in the wind. In the meantime, he wanted to spend his free couple of hours with Serena.

She beamed a wide grin as she approached. He knew then he'd do anything to see her smile like that at him. "Hi."

She paused right in front of him. "Hi, yourself."

He stood before pulling her in for a kiss, savoring those seconds of connection. This morning had been hot but hurried, and he wanted more.

"How does it feel to be back on campus?" he asked.

"I got hit on by a teenager, so I guess that's an ego boost."

Tyson growled, "And you mentioned that you wouldn't be needing his inadequate skills, right?"

"Absolutely. I have a very, very skilled boyfriend, so I don't need his fumbling ways." She looked around. "Who was that girl you were talking to? She looked familiar."

He took her hand. "Nobody. Now how about you and I pretend we're just a couple of kids for a bit, enjoying the fall day."

She nodded, the sunlight glinting in her dark hair. "You got it."





13





Three whole weeks of dating Ty and Serena was on cloud nine. Sure it was crazy with his school schedule and her work schedule, but they were working it out. With sex, lots and lots of sex. Lost time to make up for. Or you’re avoiding looking to closely at the relationship. They never talked about her job. Though, he brought up the idea of her opening her own accounting firm from time to time.

“Earth to Serena, are you here?”

She cursed under her breath then dragged her attention back to class. Sweat dripped in her face and her hair matted to her scalp with perspiration. Shit, this was so much more difficult than earlier classes. She tightened her core as she sat suspended on the pole, held up by nothing more than the skin behind her knee and her abs.

“That's good. But, Serena, try not to look like you're constipated, okay?”

She couldn't help it. The laugh bubbled out, and she lost her hold. Shooting out a hand, she gripped the pole so she didn't fall. “Sorry, I'm concentrating.”

Cara laughed too. “Yes, but the idea we're going for is sexy concentration.”

“Sexy, right.” Serena arched her back. “I can't believe you want me to perform that trick. Let me be clear, I do not have the kind of core strength it takes to hang upside-down.”

Cara waved her off. “You'll be fine. You're stronger than you think. But you have a reprieve. We need to put off the showcase for a couple of weeks. There’s some construction happening, so we can't use the studio or the stage that weekend.”

What? She'd been mentally preparing for weeks. Not when she might chicken out. “Why don't we use the club?”

“You'd let us do that?”

“Of course. You should have mentioned it earlier. I mean, we'll close it to members and staff that night. Invite only, but we can do it.”

Her friend beamed. “Fantastic. That's great. Now I just have to notify the others and their guests. Speaking of which, did you have anyone you wanted to invite?”

Ty. But could she really dance in front of him? “I don't think so.”

“Oh come on. The Italian? Or Hottie McHottie with the tattoos and that intense stare?”

Serena flushed. “If I did invite someone, it would be Tyson, but the thing with Ty is still new, so not sure about that. The idea of dancing for him makes me feel really exposed.”

“Showing off your hard work is part of the process. I'm sure he'll love it. He cares about you, so he'll want to support you.”

Maybe Cara had a point. Even before they’d spent all their spare time naked, they were friends. He'd want to support her.

“Okay, way to twist my arm. I'll ask him.”

“Excellent. Now let's practice.”

If Ty was going to see her strut her stuff, she'd need some more practice. Like a lot more.





14





Serena snuggled into Tyson's arms. There was nowhere else she wanted to ever be except right here. It felt too good. He held her tighter, his hands trying to cop the occasional feel as they watched a movie on his couch. She finally took his hand and interlaced his fingers with hers. He was trying to distract her. And she wanted to be distracted. But something was up with him. He’d been quieter than usual and every time she tried to get him to talk about it, he distracted her with sex. Like now. The dynamic had shifted somehow, and she didn't like it. They still talked about everything under the sun. Everything…except her job. If she had something bugging her, they’d discuss it, but the ins and outs and day to day, those were a silent mine field the didn’t go near.

"What?" he asked softly.

Serena turned in his arms so she could look up at him. "Have you never spooned before?"

He blinked those moss-green eyes at her, full of innocence. "I have. I'm a very good spooner." He nodded.

"Oh really? Is that why you're trying to cop a feel?"

He grinned. "Not my fault your tits are in my way. If they weren't so damn full and soft, I might be able to keep my hands to myself. But honestly, baby, I’m helpless against your charms." She jabbed him in the ribs, and he laughed, bending to kiss her. "I really can't help myself. You've put me under a spell. I'm an addict. What can I say?"

He bit his bottom lip as his gaze dipped to her breasts. Gently palming one, he ran his thumb over the nipple. In an instant fire doused her body. She arched her back, and he chuckled low. "My beautiful girl, always so responsive. All it takes is a touch."

She shivered when he nuzzled her just behind her ear. "Tyson." He really was too good with his hands. And a very bad boy. Too damn good with the distraction. With the avoiding of talking. Well, two of them could play at that game. She reached between them and palmed his rigid erection through his jeans.

He released her nipple and froze. "S-Serena. Fuck."

"Hmmm. What were you saying about responsiveness?"

"That's not... Oh God."

She pumped him slow as she nibbled at his chin. She liked having him under her control. It was fun.

His phone vibrated on the side table, and they ignored it, his hips rising into her hands. "Do you have to get that?" she whispered.

He shook his head. "No...busy...later."

Serena popped one of his buttons on his shirt and kissed his neck, then she eased down the zipper, and he silently begged her with his rotating hips. But before she could reach inside to palm his hard, slick flesh, her phone rang. Unlike Tyson, she didn't have her phone on silent. She raised her head. "I—"

"Oh no you don't. Focus on the dick in your hands."

Her lips twitched. "What if it's important?"

"It's fine. One of the other girls can get it. I just need—" Both phones rattled. The one on the table making it sound like they had a jackhammer in the living room with them. Ty made a sound somewhere between a groan and a whimper. "Fuck." Snatching his phone off the coffee table, he growled, "Hello? This had better be a fucking emergency."

Tyson had the volume up, so she could hear right away who it was. Xavier. "Yo, what the fuck? Where you guys been? I know it's movie night."

Serena scooted back on the couch, prepared to let him talk to her brother.

But he shook his head and handed her the phone. She sighed and Ty thrust the phone in her direction.

The last thing she wanted to do was talk to X right now. He was her twin, and she loved him to death, but he had the uncanniest timing, and he was bound to know something was up. It's not like you can keep avoiding him. She took the phone. "Hey, baby brother."

X sighed. "By a minute."

"Still makes me older."

"What are you guys doing? How come neither one of you picked up the phone?"

She flushed. "It's movie night. We turned off our ringers."

There was a bit of silence, then he asked, "What are you guys watching?"

She panicked. She'd picked some romantic comedy that she hadn't been able to pay any attention to because Ty had been busy…doing things. "Reservoir Dogs for like the millionth time."

He seemed to accept that, the suspicion easing out of his voice. "Yeah. Good movie." As her brother prattled on about seeing her at Micha's wedding, Ty rubbed her feet. But before she knew it, his hands trailed up her calf, then her thighs. She couldn't suppress a smile. She knew what he was doing. Trying to distract her. Trying to make her crazy.

He crawled up her body as she tried to find the brain cells to give her brother appropriate answers like "uh-huh," and "yeah." Good thing for her that most of the time X was self-absorbed.

As she talked to him, Tyson lifted the hem of her T-shirt, and she shook her head vehemently. He only grinned and tugged higher. As he kissed up her rib cage, she tried to focus on her brother, concentrating hard on what he was saying, and not the way Ty was tugging down her bra cups and sucking her nipple into his mouth.

"Uh, X— I, uh— I have to..." She couldn't even finish what she was saying.

"Fine," her brother muttered. "Go watch your silly movie. But give me Ty for a second."

She handed Tyson his phone, and he eyed her warily but took it. He sat back, inviting her to come and lie on his chest. But as pretty as his abs were, she had a different plan.

She mimicked his motions, but instead of heading for his pecs, she found her quarry. His button was still unsnapped and the zipper was partway down.

Tyson narrowed his gaze at her and shook his head in warning. She merely grinned back. As she tugged on his zipper, she licked her lips and winked at him. His cocky smirk made way for panicked unease, and he scooted back. But there wasn't anywhere for him to go.

She pulled his cock free, and he hissed before muttering, "No, X. Nothing's wrong. Just thinking about my fantasy basketball stats."

Serena gently took hold of him at the base of his cock, then smoothed up over the length of him, repeating the motion over and over until his hips rose in conjunction with her hand. When she leaned close, she ran her tongue over the tip, gently sucking him into her mouth. With a deep breath, she took all of him into her mouth, to the back of her throat, relaxing her muscles, sucking deeper still.

Suddenly Ty growled into the phone, "X, I'll call you tomorrow." Without waiting for an answer, he hung up. His voice was low with a heated threat. "You like to play games?"

Serena grinned. "It depends on the rules."

"Oh, these rules are easy. You run, I catch you."

With a squeak, she jumped up. It wasn't like she was going to run that fast, but she hated to lose.

She wasn't quick enough.

When he caught her, he backed her up against a window. "Where were you running to, Serena?"

She met his heated gaze with a defiant one. "I dunno, I figured I might be able to make it to the bedroom before you caught me."

He tsked softly. "No chance. Not when I'm this riled up."

Her back hit the cold glass, and she shivered. "What's my punishment, Ty?"

He didn't say anything, merely stripped off her shorts. "I'm not going to punish you, baby. I'm going to teach you not to run."

"Oh yeah, how's that?" She giggled.

"Before I answer, I need to know one thing."

"Hmm?" She arched her body into him, already needing him.

"Are you on the pill?"

She blinked. "I… Yes."

"Good."

He shoved his jeans and boxers down, and with one smooth stroke, he slid his cock over her clit before pushing inside her. Serena's eyes went wide as he stretched her. "Oh my...God."

Ty lifted her up so her back was braced against the glass, sinking deeper. "Open your eyes, Serena. Look at me. See me."

She dragged her eyes open and blinked at him, loving every inch of his handsome face. "I see you, Ty. I've always seen you."

With every measured stroke she held on tight, loving the feel of him as he gently worked into her and then withdrew. Making love to her even as he was fucking her. This was Tyson. Here. Himself. No pretense. Just raw and unfiltered. This was the man she loved.

Serena dug her hands into his hair and pulled him in for a kiss. He growled low as he timed the motions of his tongue with the rigid length inside of her.

He picked up his pace, and she didn't think she could take it anymore. The delicious sensations winding around her spine became a natural extension of herself, making her need things she didn't know about. Making her want so much more than this, than just his body. She wanted him as hers, permanently.

The pulsing quiver started deep inside, and she tried to hold it in. But she couldn't stop the inevitable. As her body tightened, then bowed and exploded into a million pieces, she fell further in love with Tyson Leigh.



Tyson held her close in the darkness of his bed. He'd fucked her without a condom. He'd done it deliberately. He wanted to mark her as his so that everyone would know. So that she would know. He'd never had unprotected sex before. Not once. Shit. This was getting out of control.

"Are you okay?" he whispered in the dark.

She curled into him. Well, more like sprawled naked across him. "Mmmm, delicious."

"Yes, yes you are," he agreed. She laughed, then poked him. "What? You are. Have you tasted you? You're incredible."

She snickered then kissed his nipple. His cock, now spent after another two rounds, one on the couch and another in the shower, tried to rally. It wasn't a half-bad effort, but he'd need more rest.

He didn't want any of this to be over, but he had to at least temporarily burst the bubble. They'd been living in a cocoon, enjoying life, but there was a real world, and a little of it had encroached upon them tonight.

"You know we have to tell him, right?"

She sighed and looked up at him. "Yeah, I know. It's time. We'll do it at the wedding in a few weeks."

"Okay. But we have to, Serena. I don't want to hide anymore."

She licked her lips, but she met his gaze directly. "Neither do I." He watched her closely as she worried her bottom lip with her teeth. She wanted to ask him something. A trickle of unease ghosted over the back of his neck. "So, uh, what are you doing Friday night?"

"Besides spending as much time inside you as I can?"

"Yes, besides that?"

"Nothing. Why?" He kissed her temple. He couldn't believe how lucky he was. He'd wasted all that time worried about trying to be with her.

"I want you to come to a private show at the club. We're unveiling something different."

A show? "Not really my thing," he hedged.

"I know, but I want this to be a success. Please?"

"Fine. But I'm the only one giving you lap dances, okay?" he teased.

"You have a deal."





15





Ty's phone rang as he jogged into his office. He had a fitting in fifteen minutes that he was far from prepared for. The last week had been crazy.

His first group project for school had kicked off, and squeezing in meeting time was cutting into work and Serena time. He hadn't seen her in nearly a week. She had the thing at the club tonight. Part of him needed to skip it. But he’d promised, so he was going, even though he really didn't have time for it. “Yeah, hello?”

“Is this Tyson?”

“Yeah, who's this?” he muttered with a distracted growl.

“This is Dr. Blankenship, your father's oncologist.”

Tyson's blood ran cold. He hadn't checked in on the old man this week. He'd run out of time. “Uh, what can I help you with? Dad okay?” He sent up a silent prayer as panic seeped into every cell.

“To tell you the truth, I'm not sure. A month ago we did blood work, and the results were abnormal. We scheduled him for a follow-up, but he didn't show. And subsequent attempts to get in touch with him have been unsuccessful. Since you have clearance to assist with his medical wishes, I thought you could bring him in.”

Fuck. The bottom dropped out from his stomach. “I had no idea. I’ll make sure he comes in first thing in the morning on Monday.” This was why he needed to control shit. The moment he let go, everything went to hell.

“Thank you. We probably have nothing to worry about, but it's better to be sure.”

As soon as he hung up with the doctor, he called his father and got voicemail. “Dad. You need to call me back. Right now.”

He sank into his seat and cradled his head. Something had to give, or he was going to lose it.



Serena paced back and forth in the little dressing room. What in the world was she about to do? This was madness. To get up in front of a bunch of people and show off what she'd learned? That was crazy. You’re crazy. Get your shit and go home.

Cara bounded up to her. "Are you excited?"

"You're kidding, right? Right about now, I'm ready to throw up. I can't do this. I don't want to do this. I work with people outside that door. People will recognize me, and no one will take me seriously. And—"

Cara put a hand over Serena’s mouth to shut her up. "Stop. We talked about this. These are just nerves."

Serena licked Cara’s hand in response, and her friend squealed. "Eww."

"You gotta be careful where you put your hands. I have a brother, remember? He's a pain in the ass. I learned that from him." She rolled her shoulders. "Are you sure I can do this?"

"Licking hands notwithstanding, you're going to be fine. There are no professionals out there. The only reason we're having the showcase here is because the studio needed renos. So no one even knows about this. This is a family-and-friends thing. No one from the outside will be watching, so relax."

Okay, that was true. This was a friendly crowd. This was not real clientele, and she was not a stripper. "This is for me. Not for anyone else." It didn't matter who saw her. She said she wanted Ty to notice her and she’d made that happen. She said she wanted to dance again and she’d made that happen. All she was doing was combining those things. No more hiding in her shell. And she'd have a mask. She’d borrowed the idea from Olivia. This was more burlesque than a strip show, and none of them would be taking their clothes off.

But Tyson is out there.

So yeah, that part was concerning. He was out there. She'd already texted to make sure. She’d also had security confirm for her. He thought she'd be joining him for a special burlesque presentation. He wasn't overly thrilled, but he said he'd support her.

Little did he know how he'd be supporting her.

"You're right, I can do this. Besides, it's not like I'm naked."

"Exactly." Cara grinned and handed her the mask. "And let's face it, you've got on more clothing than half the college coeds heading out for a girls’ night."

Serena glanced down. With her hot pants and sequined bra top, she was covered. And was wearing more clothes than several reality TV show stars so there was that. Cara slipped on her own mask.

"And remember, I'll be right up there with you. So will the whole class. I wouldn't leave you guys to jump into this stuff on your own."

The group had a song to do then they'd break out into their audience groups, dancing in the crowd. That was the part she was most nervous about. Dancing for Tyson. How would he react? Would he laugh? Would he hate it?

Between her nerves and the heels, she was pretty sure she was going to kill herself.

You can do this.

Cara winked at her. "Show time?"

"Show time." The butterflies in her belly were busy looking for an escape route. They didn't want to be a part of this when it went horribly wrong. I feel you guys. But she'd made the commitment, and she wasn't backing out. She just wasn't sure what Ty was going to think. There was only one way to find out.



The stage was pitch-dark. The only way they were able to see their individual poles was because the spotlight lit the top quarter of the stage. Now or never, Serena, grow a pair.

Serena swallowed hard as she took her position just left of center. Cara was in the middle so some of the less-experienced dancers could see her if they got lost. This is it. No running away now.

The one thought she had before the music cue came on was that Tyson was out there. She couldn't see him of course. For all she knew no one was watching. But she could feel him, her skin itchy and her senses hyperaware.

The low seductive R&B beat of Bando Jonez came on. They waited the eight count, and then it was a go. The spotlight lit her and Cara, and they twirled in time, doing the first of their tricks as Bando asked if anyone had sexed them lately. They did a synchronized twirl into a dragonfly spin, then they landed and performed their eight count. The spotlight broadened to encompass two more girls.

They all danced the next eight count together, but then when it was time for a spin, those girls did the dragonfly as she and Cara performed a pike spin.

For years, she'd watched girls dance on the pole with little thought to how much work it was. How strong they had to be. How their cores had to be steel. And oh yeah, they were pretty much fearless because dangling upside down on a pole held up by nothing more than the skin on the back of their knees required a special kind of trust in their bodies.

Every eight count, the spot light would add two more until all eight of the girls were illuminated. Then they danced in unison, performing the similar stunt spins together.

And then it was time. Out the corner of her eyes, she saw Cara smooth her hands down her body into a deep plié. Like the rest of them, she wore the hot pants and bra, but her bra wasn’t sequined.

All of them were completely in sync for their next sixteen count. Then the lighting tech brought the house lights up just enough for them to see for positioning. But she didn't need any direction. She knew exactly where she would be going. Not only because she'd specified seating for Tyson, but also because she could feel him. Feel his burning gaze on her.

Cara did her solo eight count, which included twerking. She was really sexy, all eyes pinned on her. All except Tyson’s. He watched Serena. If she had tried to twerk, she would have looked like an epileptic duck.

Cara finished her count, then danced down the stairs into the crowd. As Cara picked her unsuspecting victim, Serena started her eight count. She used her flexibility to her advantage, kicking her leg up into a full split to rest on the pole, then twirling around, finally finishing the combo with a slinky jazz walk, double count spin into a split on the floor and a head whip. She looked directly at Tyson, and his eyes were glued to her writhing form. His lips were slightly parted, and he sat forward. Did he know it was her? Did he suspect? He knew her body well enough.

Like it or not, he'd know soon. This is what you wanted, wasn't it? For him to see you?

She performed her body roll complete with another spin, then slid directly off the stage as the next girl began her eight count. Sashaying right over to Tyson, she sucked in a deep breath as she started her routine.





16





Holy fuck. Ty tried to swallow around the sawdust in his mouth. She was so hot. He'd been unable to take his eyes off her the moment the music started. Serena. His fucking Serena. A riot of emotions coursed through his body.

Anger. She'd lied to him, or hadn't told him the whole story.

Confusion. Was she stripping now? Could he handle that? Her naked in front of strangers. No. Fuck no. He had enough shit to deal with right now, he didn't need this too. But he couldn't drag his attention away.

This wasn't her, she wasn't a dancer. No. She was a dancer, but not that kind of dancer. Protectiveness. He knew for a fact there were other men in here. Were they looking at her? Who was he kidding, of course they were. He didn't like it. Fuck, he hated it. Really hated it. She was his. And the last emotion, the strongest, was lust. Raw and potent. His cock throbbed in his jeans as she leaned over him.

His hands twitched with the need to touch her, to pull her into his lap. Never mind anyone who was watching. He could have her now. Right here.

Beautiful but untouchable was not his thing. And he wasn't into sharing. But hell, she was so damn hot. So hot. Serena leaned into him, and her scent whispered over him, powerful and demanding. His body knew just how to answer her mating call. You are in public, you cannot do that.

Was this part of a game? A part of him didn't care. This was different. He knew her. Knew how she wanted him. Knew her body. Was it possible to die of lust? It might be, because right now all the vital blood flow required for bodily functioning was in his dick.

She turned around, her ass gyrating close to his face, and God, he wanted to kiss those soft pale globes, lean over and lick every inch presented, from clit to forbidden hole. Or better yet, slide into her deep and spank her as he imagined her shocked expression.

He gripped the edge of his seat and held on tight, his hips involuntarily rising. She wiggled her ass and put her hands over his, lowering herself to grind on his dick, and he forgot everything about spanking her.

He wanted to thank her. Shit, he was ready to beg. The moment she danced on his dick, he moaned. Serena laid back, her head resting next to his, and he wanted to kiss her. Wanted to make her as hot as she was making him.

She slid her ass over the denim-clad length of his erection, popping her ass just enough to make his eyes cross. Fuck. The tingling in his spine told him he could come like this, from watching her. But to have her this close and not be able to touch her, he was ready, desperate.

And then she tipped forward. Instinctively, to protect her, his hand snapped out and gripped her hips. Her head whipped around, and their eyes locked. He saw confusion there. She didn't think you'd recognize her. She really thought he wouldn't know her body? The way she moved? She slid down into a modified split with her gaze still on his, and one of his hands released her and smoothed over her ass. He whispered. "Naughty, Serena."



Tyson was on the precipice of crazy by the time he reached Serena's office. His blood boiled as he curled his hands into fists by his side, smoke flaring out of his nostrils. He pushed the door open and saw Serena leaning over her desk, still in her burlesque costume and mask.

With a gasp, she turned around and faced him. Her beautiful eyes widened as he sauntered over to her. Tyson saw her hard swallow. Her pink, lush mouth parted.

He hauled her close so their faces were a mere inch apart. "You tricked me." He kept his voice low, the fury and confusion biting against the reins of his control.

"I said it was a show. It was a show," she said, looking at him, eyes wild.

Tyson tightened his grip on her, but not too tight as to hurt her. "You know damn well what I'm talking about."

"Tyson," She whispered.

"Everyone saw you," he muttered through clenched teeth.

"I wanted you to see me."

"I saw you all right. So did every other guy in there," Tyson growled. He watched, anger pouring from his pores as her mouth parted, as if she was about to say something. He never gave her the chance to speak because he dipped his head and kissed her, his tongue sliding between her lips, coaxing hers to open. They both groaned when he stroked his tongue along the roof of her mouth. He pressed his body into hers and relished the tiny shiver she rewarded him with.

He pushed her against her desk and wrapped his arms around her waist, trapping her against him as he devoured her. Their moans and sounds pierced the deafening silence. He parted her legs to accommodate his big body. He tore his mouth from hers before pressing hot, wet kisses all over her neck and jaw. His cock pulsed against her, seeking her heat.

Serena whimpered in disappointment when he broke away, removing any direct stimulation to her clit. Kissing and licking his way down to her breasts, before burying his face between them. With every flick of his tongue on her nipple, her back bowed.

Serena panted beneath him, mewling when he tugged her shorts down. As he took one pebbled nipple in his mouth, her fingers glided into his hair, pulling him closer.

Tyson released her then mumbled against her flesh, "Why do you smell so fucking good?" Sucking her deep once more, he gently grazed his teeth over the sensitive flesh. Tyson released her nipple with a loud pop then kissed down before burying his face between her legs. Jesus he wanted to taste pretty pink folds.

Serena arched her back. With his thumbs, he parted the delicate flesh before licking softly. Serena didn't protest as he slid a leg over his shoulder, but her eyes fixated where he used his tongue expertly. When he hooked his fingers into her thong and ripped, she gasped.

Their gazes locked as he licked her, branded her. Soft mewling sounds escaped from her lips when he sucked her clit, parting her legs to give him easier access.

His body shook with need, and he dipped his head and tongued her slick, wet folds again, first latching on to that bundle of nerves before sliding his tongue down to tongue fuck her.

"Tyson!" Serena screamed as her hips rose. "Please!"

"What do you want?" he moaned. "Tell me what you want, and I'll give it to you."

"I—I need your tongue on my clit. To press it. Tease it. More."

"I can do more." Tyson went back to her clit, gently teasing with his teeth, licking, sucking, until she was writhing under him, her legs shaking.

"So fucking sweet," he growled, and thrust his tongue inside her. He could do this all fucking night. When Serena cried out, he groaned in satisfaction as her inner walls clamped around his tongue. With one more flick, she came, holding tight onto his shoulders. He held her steady as she lifted her hips to his mouth, grinding herself against his lips.

Letting her go, he lapped up her juices while working his buckle. "You’re gorgeous when you come."

"Tyson. Hurry." She begged. Her clit peeked out of her wet folds, and he wanted to taste her again. To make her come until she passed out.

When she started to close her legs, he stopped her. "No, don't." He held her thighs wide, keeping her open to him. He released one of her legs and gripped his dick, then stroked against her folds, teasing her clit with his pulsing cock. Her breath caught, her body shook violently, and he sank deep.

Her eyes went wide, and her mouth dropped open. Shit. Fuck. He withdrew to the tip and slid home again. Tyson took her hand, intertwined their fingers then slid a hand down to her clit. Their eyes locked on each other’s as he made love to her.

"Fuck," he whispered.

Without warning, he pushed harder inside her, and she gasped. Serena's back arched as she met him thrust for thrust. Tyson parted her legs farther, taking more from her as he increased the pace. Her soft moans filled the room as his fingers dug into her waist, holding her in place, "I love how you feel around my cock."

Their sounds mingled as she gripped the edge of the desk, holding on tightly as she threw her head back.

"Yes, Tyson. Yes. Right there," she cried as his hands glided up and cupped her breasts. She moaned softly and offered herself to him. Tyson leaned forward to suck on her.

"So fucking tight."

"Tyson," she moaned, his name a plea on her lips.

He could feel every fucking quiver of her inner walls clamp around his cock. She came hard, yelling his name as he thrust.

"You drove me fucking mad with your costume," he whispered, still throbbing inside her.

Tyson scooped her up, walking them toward the wall to press her against it. He didn't break the kiss, merely picking her up as she wrapped her legs around his waist. He didn't stop, never giving her the chance to get used to his size. Merely gave her all of himself, from his love to the raw desire coursing through him.

He gripped her ass tight as he sank into her. Would he leave marks on her pale skin? The near feral, desperate part of him wanted to mark her claim her for everyone to see. Shuddering as her inner walls clamped around him, he traced his finger over the pucker of her ass.

“You like this, Serena? You like when I touch you like this? The way no one else has ever touched you?”

“Tyson. Oh—“

As gently as he could, he pushed the tip of his finger inside. With her mouth open on a silent scream, she buried her face in the hollow of his neck, her inner walls convulsing around his thick length as another her orgasm hit her. Lightning wrapped around his spine, then lit him up from the inside. He came, violently filling her, their bodies fused permanently.





17





Serena panted as she rode another aftershock wave. Tyson's cock twitched inside her, and she shivered. The delicious buzzing taking her over again. Jesus. If she'd known it could feel like this, then she'd have danced for him ages ago. Could have saved them all that back and forth.

He cursed low as another shudder rolled through the both of them. His hand squeezed her breast, and he kissed her neck as he jerked inside her, cursing softly.

She wasn't sure how long they stood like that, against the wall, him gripping her ass and her breast, his pants down at his ankles and her naked. But then he released her and slowly pulled out. The motion triggered another orgasm, and her inner walls squeezed around him.

"Holy fuck, Serena." He sank deep inside her again, and she cried out. The sweat dripped off their foreheads, and both of them stared into the other's eyes.

He wasn't happy. His body, however, was. She saw the turmoil, the anger. When he finally pulled away from her, he hissed. Angry or not, Ty defaulted to looking after her. Yanking his pants and boxers off, he stalked into the bathroom and brought her a washcloth. Gently he wiped her clean, his gaze intent on her. When he was done with her, he cleaned himself off and dragged his boxers and jeans back on.

He didn't say a word.

He was really pissed. She found the sweats she'd packed and threw them on quickly, and then scrunched her hair up into a ponytail before she could face him again. "You want to tell me why you're so pissed off?"

"You want to know why I'm pissed? You mean you weren't fucking down there?"

Serena folded her arms. "I was there. I was also here. After what we just did, how can you be mad at me?"

Tyson ran his hands through his hair. "Newsflash, sweetheart, I always want to fuck you. You breathe and I want to fuck you. Not difficult."

Oh. Well then."Then what's the—?"

"I swear to God, if you ask me what the fucking problem is, I will lose my shit."

She spread her arms. "Well, I don't fucking know. I thought that was good, you seemed to like it. So much so you couldn't wait to get up here."

"You were stripping, Serena!"

Her brows snapped down. "I was dancing. For you."

His brows drew up, and he threw up his hands. "Oh really, then what would you call that thing you did on the pole and that shit with you and me in the audience? That was you ‘dancing’ for me?"

"I was dancing, Ty. It was a show. A dance show. I didn't take anything off. I was clothed until you got a hold of me up here."

"That's fucking semantics. You were dancing like you were having sex."

"Yeah, it's suggestive. Kind of the point."

He vibrated with anger. "Serena, do you know that every man in there wanted a piece of you? I know what they were thinking. I know what they wanted, because all I could think about was fucking getting my hands on you. Can you see how that would be a problem for me?"

Jealous. He was jealous? "Tyson, they were there as invitees of the other girls. This was a closed performance. Just an opportunity to show off what we've learned in class, that's all. It's not like I've shown my body—" She stopped herself and crossed her arms. "What's the real problem, Tyson? That other men were watching me? Or that I'm not quite the same Serena? That I'm busting out of my shell a little? That you can't control me?"

"There was nothing wrong with the old you. And I don't want to control you."

She stared at him. "Tyson, I walked around like I was hiding. My body. My personality. I like busting out. I want to do more of it. You want me to be the same girl. You think you can make me that again. You can't."

"The fuck I do."

"Might I remind you that you didn't start to notice me until I upped my game. Changed the wardrobe. Wore the stilettos and started to dance. You can't have me as the sister type and want to be with me. Sooner or later you're going to have to realize I don't need taking care of. I can't be little Serena all the time. I can be in control of my life. I don't need you looking over me." And there it was, the conflict in his eyes. He didn't want to want her. "You realize I own this place, right? That I don't own a nightclub like we tell everyone? That I own a strip club? Yeah, there's a nightclub, and it's a bar, but women and men take their clothes off here. They dance and get paid very fucking well. Ty, you realize I'm grown up. Or do you think I'm going to get tired of this and stop someday?"

He shoved his hands in his pockets. "Not the worse idea you've ever had."

Shit. She knew the next words out of her mouth might rip the only man she'd ever loved out of her arms. "So that's what you want? For me to quit and go do what? Run a CPA firm?"

He threw his hands up. "What would be so wrong with that?"

"For starters, I'd be bored stiff. This wasn't the plan maybe, but I'm happy. You're going to have to come to terms that this is who I am. I'm changing and evolving. I'm not that same twenty-year-old that needed you and X to protect me. I'm standing on my own two feet. I'm going to change. You have to see that." Or could he? And was she ready to walk away from him if he didn't?



Tyson's heart slammed against his ribs. "Why do you have to change? You were perfect—"

"Perfect? Are you fucking kidding me? Tyson, I had no life. I was invisible. I’ve been busting my ass to make this business work. Me and my friends had a great idea, and we're making it thrive. Why can't you be happy for me?"

She didn't understand. "I am happy for you, but I just wish—" He couldn't find the right words.

"You'd be happier if I was happy doing something else. If I let you dictate my life."

"No, of course not, but, Serena, I was there when Aidan fucked you up. I couldn't do anything to stop it. I tried my best with all the other shit going on, but you were so fragile. All I wanted to do was take care of you." He paced. "And I've done that, been there when you needed me. But then everything started to change. The clothes, the dancing. At first I was happy that you were doing it again, I remember how much you loved it, but this… Serena this isn't you."

"Tyson, I own a strip club. It's my life."

"You can own something else."

Her chin tipped up. "You realize you can't control me, right? That shit won't work for me anymore. I've had a dose of that. I'm not into it. If I want to do a burlesque dance, then I'll do a burlesque dance, and you have to deal with it. If you want to be with me."

"Why does everything have to fucking change? We had a rhythm. Dinner on Wednesday, dance Thursday, movie Friday, see you at work Monday. But now you're late for things, and you've got these new friends… The Serena I know is disappearing."

"The Serena you knew was a shell of her former self. Why don't you remember what I was like before Aidan? I was fun and adventurous."

She'd been impetuous and he'd loved her from afar. He just needed her to be what he knew. She hadn't needed him then. "I just—You were supposed to stay the same. You were the one constant."

"I think you like me better when I need you."

He scowled. "What’s wrong with that?"

"That makes me the girl that Aidan broke. I'm not that girl anymore. And you have to figure out if you can deal with that." She slipped her feet into her tennis shoes. "I'll give you some time to do that."

All Tyson could do was watch as his heart ripped out of his chest and walked away.





18





Serena wiped her nose with the back of her hand and ignored Cara's outstretched tissue. "I don't know what happened. I mean, everything was fine. Next thing I know, he's saying he liked me better when I was mousy and shy and didn't go get what I wanted."

Micha nodded on the video chat. "Honey. It's okay. It'll be okay."

Cara seconded that. "You did such a good job at the showcase. He’s finding it hard to reconcile reconciling the two versions of you. It can be difficult, especially since he sees you one way and is used to that."

"What Cara said," Micha agreed.

Serena took the tissue and swiped at her tears. "I mean, one second he was all over me and it was...good. Really, really good." She shivered as she recalled the way he'd pinned her with his gaze and sunk deep into her with a low curse. His muttered dirty talk as he'd fucked her slow, then losing control as he'd screwed her into the wall.

Micha nodded. "Honey, he's conflicted."

"And, sweetie, you were hot. He can’t deal," Cara said as she took a swig of wine and passed it back to Serena.

"Yeah, but what do I do, you guys? It's not like I want to go back to the way things were. I like the new me. I finally feel a little like I did before Aidan. Alive, you know? With an unpredictable future."

Micha's fiancé, Caleb, popped into view. "Hi, Serena."

She tried for a smile. "Hey, cousin-to-be."

"Just a guy's opinion, but do nothing. He'll come around. Sometimes we can take a minute to see the error of our ways. You just act like everything is cool. Even better, move on with your shit. He'll get it."

"So do nothing? Is that how you ended up with Micha?"

He shook his head. "No. I chased her down and hogtied her to me. She was the one running. But I'm a guy, so I understand the male psyche. It'll be okay." He shrugged. "Just a guy's opinion."

He scooted out of camera view, and Cara stared. "Micha, that's your fiancé? Holy shit."

Her cousin smirked. "Pretty, isn't he?"

"Pretty fucking hot," Cara snorted.

Serena rolled her eyes. "Yeah, as hot as Caleb is, can I get some better advice than do nothing? No offense, Caleb."

From somewhere in the distance he shouted, "None taken."

"Micha, Cara, please? Some plan-C type of action?"

Cara chewed her lip. "Uh..."

Micha, never one to mince words, said, "Usually I like to tell you how right I am. And usually I like to give Caleb shit. But this time, I think we need to wait him out. His world has been rocked with all the turmoil in his life. He wants you to stay the same because it's convenient. He has to realize that love isn't convenient. There's nothing you can do to make him realize this. You've done your work. Now he just has to come around."

She understood what they were saying, but it still fucking hurt. "You didn't mention it would feel like this."

Micha nodded. "Love can suck. But luckily you have Cara, who will feed you wine and ice cream."

"On it." Cara handed Serena the wine bottle. "Drink this. I'm gonna go get the spoons."

"What if I've lost him, My?"

Micha leveled her silvery eyes on her. "Then it's his fucking loss."



One week and still no word from Ty. Wednesday had come and gone, and so had Thursday. Serena just couldn't believe that was it. She'd ignored her list, gone for what she wanted, and this was where it had gotten her.

Luckily she had more than enough work to do. The onboarding procedure for the prince and of course the nonsense with the ordinance. Redd had hired outside council, but they still needed her input.

She resented having to jump through hoops, and deep down she wondered if it was because this club was owned by a bunch of women that these nutjobs were coming after them. There were private men's clubs all over the city, but no one was trying to shut them down.

She'd spent half the morning contacting members on the client list who would be able to assist. They had senators, actors and cabinet members. Their membership was confidential, but their clientele appreciated what Club Prestige offered here. Some appreciated the men and the women. No one judged here, and their clients paid well for that privilege. So she was calling in a few favors.

At the knock on her door, she called out, "Come in."

Antonio strolled in with his easy smile. Good Lord that man was pretty. She'd always liked a man in a suit. She just wished she could muster some feeling for him other than fondness. It would certainly be easier if she wasn't already in love with someone else.

"Hi, Serena, how are you today?"

She forced a smile. "I'm great. Thanks for asking. I have the rest of the paperwork you asked for."

"Perfect." His gaze narrowed on hers. "Sorry, maybe I'm overstepping, but you don't seem okay."

He really was sweet, and he ticked every single one of her boxes. Tick, tick, tick, tick. Except the one invisible tick she'd forgotten to write down. Make me melt on the inside.

She pulled the final paperwork from the safe and handed it to him. "No. I’m fine. Just—" He's a client envoy, not your friend. Don't unload. "It's fine. I'm fine." She tilted her chin up. Like everything else, she could fake it till she made it. How hard could that be?

He nodded. "That many fines could only mean it's a man problem."

She laughed and ducked her head. "Astute, aren't you? But you don't need to hear about the shambles of my love life."

He took the file and slipped it into his carrier. "Maybe not. But I'm pretty good at making people feel better. Dinner? A little wine, some conversation, guaranteed to take your mind off whoever doesn't see how perfect you are. I’m sure we can find some way of making you relax."

Her skin flushed. Oh...ohhhh... And by conversation, he meant... Yeah, okay. She cleared her throat. "That's...uh...flattering. But some...uh, conversation isn't going to fix what's wrong."

He grinned. "Are you sure? I'm a very good conversationalist."

Serena laughed. "I don't doubt that for a minute. But I need more than conversation right now."

He nodded. "So it's a love thing then."

"Yeah, I guess it is." And the one she loved didn't love her.

"Well, if you ask me, he's a fool."

A fool she loved. And needed to get over if she ever wanted a good night's sleep again.





19





Two weeks, three days and eight hours since he'd last seen Serena. Tyson had buried himself in work and school and his father. Between those three things, he was so busy he barely missed her. Liar. He’d managed to corral thinking about her to about once every thirty minutes.

Shit, that was real progress considering. At first it had been once every goddamned minute. The only time it was still unbearable was at night.

As he navigated his father's street, he tried to shake the thought of her. It was like she was haunting him. Making her presence known. Hell. She had stuff all over his apartment. Not even from when they'd been dating, but from before. A book here, a pair of flats there, an earring, a hoodie. One of his T-shirts still smelled like her, and he'd kept it unwashed and tucked it under his pillow.

No wonder his dreams were plagued with the times they'd been together. In particular that night here in his apartment, when he'd taken her against the window. Christ. He ground his teeth. Get your shit together. You can ride this out. It was fine.

He took the ramp up to his father's place. He'd built the thing himself. He’d come out last week, but thanks to his class workload, he and the old man hadn’t had a chance for a proper chat. He’d also hired a proper nurse after his conversation with the doctor. He couldn’t leave anything up to chance with the old man.

Nah, fuck that. He'd buried himself in everything else to try and forget about Serena, and he'd refused to come up for air. His dad's blood work had come back and everything looked okay, but everyone was on high alert for a relapse. Hence the nurse. Ty had the money now. He could get some help. He didn't have to do it all.

"Dad, you here?"

"In the back," his father called out.

He found his father in the garden they'd built on the patio. He'd managed to make some roses grow, and the things were his pride and joy, the colors contrasting the white of the deck. "Hey, old man."

His father wheeled the chair around. "Who you calling old? Pretty sure I can still outshoot you in basketball."

"Yeah, but then you'd complain about your shoulder for a week."

His dad grinned. When he had officially handed over the reins of the business to Ty so he could recover, he had been terrified. He hadn't wanted to disappoint. He hoped he'd made the old man proud.

But how much had he been disappointing the old man by only focusing on that?

His father studied him closely. "I've got some coffee on, you want some?"

"Sure, I'll get it."

"No. No you won't. I can do it myself."

Ty's shoulders slumped. "Shit, you too?"

His father only laughed as he rolled into the kitchen. "That pretty young thing finally put you in your place? Noticed your grumpy mood last week. But you ran out of here so quick I didn’t get to poke you about it."

Ty frowned. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

His father rolled his eyes. "I'm talking about Serena. She finally tell you to stop taking care of her?"

Ty rubbed at the back of his neck. Am I that much of a pain in the ass? "Something like that."

"And let me guess, you think she's wrong and clearly needs you?"

"Yes! Why can't she see that? She’s making bad choices. And changing right in front of me."

The old man chuckled softly as he poured their mugs of coffee. They both took it black. He pushed a cup toward Tyson. "Maybe because she's entitled to be her own person?"

"I never said she wasn't. But she's made some mistakes before. I'm only trying to look out for her." He cracked his neck. "I mean, I have her best interests in mind. She's fucking up her life, and she's changing on me—"

His father put up a hand. "And you can't stand change. And you feel like you have to take care of things. Fix them, control them."

"I—" He didn't need to fix everyone. Besides, what was wrong with a little control?

"Tyson. Look, when I got sick, I know I leaned on you. I needed to. You're my only kid. But I also knew it wasn't fair. And I'm grateful. You dragged my business out of the gutter and made it your own. You've taken it places I never thought of. And I know you sacrificed a lot to do that. But I never wanted you to give up your whole life. I know you're capably controlling things. I'm good now. You don't have to worry about me. I know I messed up by not going back to the doc, but I was scared of what I'd hear. That maybe you'd give it all up for me again. I didn't want to put you through that."

"Are you kidding? You're my father. Of course I worry. I mean, after what Vanessa did and all that bullshit. You were sick and she abandoned you."

His father sighed. "Tyson, stop. Look, I know that's what you think. But she didn't abandon me."

"Oh really, Dad? That's funny, because I don't see her here now. I didn't see her in the hospital when you were getting treatments. She wasn't in this house when you were so sick you couldn't move. She didn't get you weed just so you could eat something."

His father pinned him with a stare identical to his own. "And that's my fault." He scrubbed a hand over his face. "I sent her away. I was horrible to her. I pushed her. Made being with me so unbearable she had no other choice but to go. I couldn't control what was happening to my body, so I controlled the one thing I could. I made her go before she could leave me."

Tyson frowned. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, I screwed up. I didn't want her feeling sorry for me. Didn't want her seeing me like that, so I got her packing. And even then, I know she called to check on me. Sometimes she still calls, after all this time."

"Dad, why didn't you ever tell me that?"

His father stared into his coffee mug. "I don't know, I'm an old fool. Now she's remarried. Lives in Vegas. I fucked that shit up, and now that I'm better, I'm just an old man living with my roses. You really want to be like your old man?"

All this time, Tyson thought she'd abandoned his father. That she'd left a sick man to die. That because she was a stripper she was flighty and selfish and not good enough. He'd assumed she'd broken up his family

That woman hadn’t been the reason his father left. She wasn’t responsible. It was up to his father to make the ultimate choice. And he’d chosen to leave his family. That was on him.

And after the cancer, he’d blamed her for not being strong enough to stick it out. For not loving the old man enough. He’d been blaming the wrong person. "Fuck."

"My mistakes should not be your own, Ty. I'm controlling and demanding and push people away. Even the ones who love me. You really want to be a chip off the old block?"

"It's not that simple. I don't do so well with change, and everything about her is different."

"Let me ask you this. If she stayed the same, would you ever have pulled the trigger? Or would you have kept taking care of her, neither one of you moving on with your lives? I mean, you two kids have been in love with each other forever. I'm glad one of you finally had the balls to change the status quo."

How had his father known when he hadn't? "How long have you known?"

His father rolled his eyes. "Since your voice cracked and your balls dropped. It's in the way you look at her. How long have you known?"

"From the moment I walked away from her."

"Then maybe you should do something about it."



After leaving his father, it had taken him the rest of the day to find the Shock and Awe studio. Serena had never told him where she took lessons. All she'd said was some studio on her way home by the train. Turned out there were more than a few studios on that train route.

But according to the receptionist, she wasn’t there. He would have just left the studio, but this might be his only chance to talk to her. She wasn’t answering her phone and her doorman said she wasn’t home, though Ty suspected that was a lie. And Serena certainly wouldn't be meeting him for ice cream as usual. Because you fucked that shit up.

The studio was his last hope. This was the day of her usual class. “Look, I just want to see if she’s in there. I don't want to disturb the class or anything.”

“No dice. The clients will be uncomfortable. But I will tell you she’s in there.”

Thank god. At least he was on the right track. “Okay, I’ll wait. Will you just tell her that I’m out here?”

“Sure thing.” She shook her head as she went back to answering the phones. As he stepped outside into the drizzle, he hunched into his hoodie. It was okay. He could wait. He'd already gone too long without her. He missed her. And he was an idiot. He didn't want to be his old man. No way, no how. He wanted Serena.

At the top of the hour, several women clustered together poured out of the studio under an umbrella and scurried toward the metro station.

He watched for her, but she didn’t come out. Only after another ten minutes, as he shivered in the wind, did she and Cara leave, both carrying their own umbrella. He waited until they hugged goodbye before making his approach. "Serena."

Her eyes widened in surprise, but she didn't smile. He'd do just about anything to see her smile right now. "Do you have a minute? Maybe we could go talk somewhere?"

Cara lingered and glowered at him. Girl code. He got it. He'd glower at him too. He'd been a dumbass.

"I'll see you later, Cara," Serena muttered.

Her friend didn't take her eyes off him. "You sure?"

Serena nodded. "Yeah, I'm fine."

Cara hurried to the metro, and Serena inclined her head toward the studio. "Wanna take it inside?"

"Yeah, good idea." His teeth chattered as he spoke.

Serena had been outside all of a minute, and her face and her hair were already streaked with rain even with her umbrella.

Inside, she spoke to the receptionist. "Hey, is it okay if I practice for a bit? Is the studio clear for the next hour?"

"Sure is. You don't even have to rent it."

"Thanks, I appreciate it."

Ty followed Serena in and, unlike Cara, the receptionist winked at him. Serena led him into the now empty studio and took a seat on one of the folded chairs. "So what's up? What do you need?"

"You."

"Excuse me? Weren't you the one who stopped calling me because I'd changed? Because I was a stripper?"

"God. I fucked up. I know I fucked up. I was letting my shit interfere in the best thing that's ever happened to me."

"Ty, you walked away from me. You hurt me."

"And for that I want to kick my own ass. I was a fool. I thought all the changes were a bad thing. I thought if you changed, that would mean you didn't need me anymore. I thought I'd lose you. I thought I needed to keep control of everything. But I was wrong, so fucking wrong. And I know you're not a stripper. I need to let that shit go. I hate the idea of other men looking at you, but I can deal."

"You hurt me, do you understand that?"

"I know, baby. I’m so sorry. I'm so damn sorry. I would take it back if I could. Every word."

"You made me feel like some kind of whore."

"No. Never. Serena you're fucking gorgeous, and men will want to stare at you, but that's not your shit. All of that is my shit. I was jealous as fuck and freaked out that I was finally getting everything I wanted, but it wasn’t how I imagined. "

She sighed. "What do you really want, Ty? I'm exhausted."

"I want another chance. If you want to dance, dance. I'm so goddamn proud of you and what you've built with that club. I mean, I used to look at you and the way you fought to get your life back after Aidan and I wanted to fight for you, but you insisted on doing it on your own. You have the hottest spot in DC. And it's yours. You and your friends, you own it. I'm honored to know you."

"What happened? Why were you so furious?"

He licked his lips. "The truth?"

"Always."

“All the bad shit that has happened in my life is shit I can’t control. With these shifts that, good or bad shake my world, you have been my one constant. And I needed that. But then you started to change and it rocked me to my core. Because I couldn’t lose the essence of you. I need that to feel whole. I have loved you since we were nine. I knew I wasn't good enough for you, but that didn’t stop me from doing it.”

“Ty—”

He inhaled deep. “You were changing in front of my face and it scared me. And then one night, one kiss and I no longer had terra firma under me. But you were with me and you wanted me too. But the sweet girl I loved kept morphing and evolving and the more you change, the less you look like that girl I love and I worry you won’t need me or want me the same way. Watching you dance was like watching a whole different person. One that I want just as much, but one who does not need me at all. Who could eventually walk away and never look back. And that would break me. Just like Vanessa broke my dad."

"I wouldn't hurt you like that."

"I know. Because even if you're this new person, at the core, you're still Serena. And I needed to see you like this, or I never would have done anything about my feelings. You don't need me to take care of you."

"I don’t."

He shifted on his feet. "I do need something from you though," he whispered.

She bit her bottom lip. "What?"

"I need you to love me. I'm praying that you still do." He stepped into her space, letting the electricity that crackled around them tickle his nerve endings. "Please say you still love me. That you forgive me. I will beg you for a thousand lifetimes if that's what it takes. I'm not giving up on us, not again. Please don't give up on me."

"Tyson, I've loved you since I was old enough to understand what that was. I'm not giving up on you, not now. Not ever. Even if you make me crazy."

"Thank fuck." He pulled her close, sliding his lips over hers, and knew he was home.





Epilogue





Serena shifted in her stilettos and twirled a little as she waited for Tyson, smiling down at the flare of her skirt. The red salsa style dresses Micha had selected complimented her dark hair and her cousin had let her borrow her red and gold Louboutins. Seriously, these were the most expensive things Serena had ever had on her feet.

A sudden shiver made the hairs on the back of her neck stand at attention.

“Hello, beautiful, that dress is giving me ideas.”

“You always seem to have ideas,” she laughed.

Ty’s laugh was a low rumble that warmed her from the inside out. “Again, that’s your fault. I can’t be held responsible for my actions when you’re around.”

His hands skimmed up her waist and he turned her around to face him. He swayed them to the music and she relished being in his firm hold. “Mr. Leigh, you should probably behave yourself. Anyone could see us.”

His breathing was harsh against her ear and his voice gravelly. “Excuse me, but my girlfriend is hot and I’m dying to see if she’s wearing underwear under his flirty little skirt.”

“That will have to wait until later. Besides, you’re just trying avoid X.”

Ty groaned and scrubbed a hand over his face. How was I supposed to know he’d bring someone to the wedding and bring a date for me?”

“Oh come on, I think she’s pretty cute,” Serena teased.

He held her tight and twirled her on the dance floor. “No one compares to the woman I love.”

“I think you’re biased, but I’ll take it.”

“Not biased.” Just as he was about to place a kiss on her neck, a voice from behind startled Serena.

Tyson just sighed as he straightened. “Hey, X.”

Her twin grinned at the pair of them. “You guys ready to call uncle yet?”

Ty’s much larger hand enveloped hers. “Listen, X, there’s something we’ve been meaning to tell you.”

Her brother’s brows rose as he stared at their intertwined hands. He rocked forward on his toes. “Oh yeah, and what would that be, Ty?”

Ty cleared his throat. “Serena and I—“

“Are in love,” She finished for him. When she met his gaze, his focus was intense. Desire and love fighting for dominance.

She wasn't sure what she expected from X, but laughter wasn’t it.

“You guys think you’re slick huh? I’ve known for months. Since you came down to New Orleans.”

Ty frowned. “What? How?”

Xavier shook his head. “When I hugged you, man. Your jacket smelled like Serena.”

“But that doesn’t mean anything. She could have borrowed it.”

X shrugged. “That, and whenever I seemed to call one of you at 11 o’clock at night, you’re together. And, you think I don’t know by now what it sounds like when somebody is, uh, occupied, while I’m talking to them. C’mon. You guys should give me more credit than that.”

Ty cursed low. “If you knew, why did you bring a date for me?”

“Oh her, she’s for me. The pair of them actually. I met her when I arrived last night. I just thought I’d make you squirm. You’re supposed to tell me this shit. You're my best friend.” He turned to her. “And you’re my twin sister.”

Ty spoke up. “I figured you’d think I wasn't a good option for her and might try to interfere before I could convince her that she loved me.”

Serena laughed. “Oh, yeah. Like you had to try real hard.”

Her brother laughed, then stepped between them, forcing them to break contact. “I love you guys. And you love each other, and that shit makes me happier than anything. You two deserve to be happy.” He gave them both smacking kisses on their foreheads, and said, “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have a couple of dates waiting.”

When he sauntered away, Ty enveloped her in his arms. “That was easier than I thought.”

“I can’t believe he knew.”

Tyson bent his head and ran his nose along the column of her throat. “Let’s face it. It’s pretty clear to anyone looking that I love you.”

“And I love you, Tyson Leigh.”

“I’m so glad to hear that. It’ll make keeping you with me and naked at all times a lot more palatable.”

Serena giggled. “Who says I won’t you have you naked and at my mercy?”

“I am always at your mercy.”

She shook her head. “I can’t believe this is real.”

He twirled her again. “Believe it because I’m going to love you forever.”



* * *



Get the follow up to Tempting in Stilettos…..



* * *



She wasn’t his to touch…he wasn’t hers to love…

Cara North made the mistake of falling in love once and it cost her everything. Dancing at Club Prestige, her dreams are once again within reach. She won't let a little thing like love get in her way. Read all about Tate and Cara in the sizzling …Teasing in Stilettos…

Join my VIP Preorder List by clicking the image below!





Thank You





Thank you for reading TEMPTING IN STILETTOS! I hope you enjoyed this latest installment from the IN STILETTOS Series.



Would you like to know when my next book is available? You can sign up for my new release newsletter here, visit me at www.nanamalone.com, follow me on twitter at @NanaMalone, or like my Facebook page at www.facebook.com/nanamalonewriter. And if you want to chat with other peeps who love my books and spread the word, you can join my Sassy Street Team here!

Reviews help other readers find books. I appreciate all reviews. Please leave a review on your retailer’s site or on Goodreads to help other readers discover my books.



Don’t miss the first books in the In Stilettos Series in reading order



* * *



SEXY IN STILETTOS

(JAYA & ALEC)

AUDIO



* * *



SULTRY IN STILETTOS

(RICCA & BECKETT)

AUDIO



* * *



SASSY IN STILETTOS

(MICHA & CALEB)

AUDIO



* * *



IN STILETTOS BUNDLE (1-3)

AUDIO



* * *



STROLLERS & STILETTOS

(JAYA & ALEC & ALEXA)

AUDIO



* * *



SEDUCTIVE IN STILETTOS

(TRISTIA & SHANE)



* * *



STUNNING IN STILETTOS

(KYRA & BRYAN)



* * *



TEMPTING IN STILETTOS

(SERENA & TYSON)

AUDIO



* * *



TEASING IN STILETTOS

(CARA & TATE)





Nana Malone Reading List





Looking for a few Good Books? Look no Further



The In Stilettos Series (Contemporary Romance)



Sexy in Stilettos (Alec & Jaya)

Sultry in Stilettos (Beckett & Ricca)

Sassy in Stilettos (Caleb & Micha)

Strollers & Stilettos (Alec & Jaya & Alexa)

Seductive in Stilettos (Shane & Tristia)

Stunning in Stilettos (Bryan & Kyra)



**Sinful in Stilettos - Expected 2016

~~~

In Stilettos Spin off

Tempting in Stilettos (Tate & Cara)

**Teasing in Stilettos – Expected May 2016

**Tantalizing – Expected October 2016



* * *



The Chase Brothers Series (New Adult Contemporary Romance)



London Bound (Alexi & Abbie)

London Calling (Xander & Imani)



***London Down – Expected 2016



* * *



The Donovans Series (New Adult Contemporary Romance)



Come Home Again (Nate & Delilah)

Love Reality (Ryan & Mia)

Race For Love (Derek & Kisima)

Love in Plain Sight (Dylan andSerafina)



**Eye of the Beholder – (Logan & Jezzie) – Expected 2016



* * *



Love Match Series (Contemporary Romance)



*Game Set Match (Jason & Izzy)

Mismatch (Eli & Jessica)



Temptation Series (Erotic Romance Novellas)



Corporate Affairs

Exposed

The Flirtation



The Protectors Series (Superhero Romance)



*Betrayed a Reluctant Protector Prequel

Reluctant Protector (Cassie & Seth)

Forsaken Protector (Symone & Garrett)

Wounded Protector (Jansen & Lisa)



The Hit & Run Bride Contemporary Romance Series (Contemporary Romance)



Hit & Run Bride (Liam & Becca)

Hit & Miss Groom (Alex & Vanessa)

Hit the Billionaire Jackpot (Jenna & Jacob)



Harlequin Kimani Books

Wrapped in Red (Linc and Nomi)

Tonight (Tristan and Synthia)

**Vow of Seduction – Expected September 2016

**Coded Christmas – Expected November 2016

**Untitled Valentines Day Romance – Expected February 2017

**Untitled Holiday Romance – Expected November 2017



* * *



And in 2017 a whole new Series and a whole new feel! Meet The Colby Family



* * *



The Player

**Blake

**Dax

**Echo

**Fitz

**Grant



* * *



Don’t want to miss a single release? Click here!



* * *



*Free Read

**Upcoming release. Dates Subject to Change





Tempting in Stilettos



* * *



Copyright 2016 by Nana Malone



* * *



In Stilettos Series



* * *



Book Seven



* * *



Club Prestige



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.



* * *



Tempting in Stilettos



* * *



COPYRIGHT © 2016 by Nana Malone



* * *



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.



* * *



Cover Art by Minx Malone

Edited by Sasha Knight

Proof Editing by Leah Guinan



* * *



Published in the United States of America





About the Author





USA Today Bestselling Author, Nana Malone’s love of all things romance and adventure started with a tattered romantic suspense she borrowed from her cousin on a sultry summer afternoon in Ghana at a precocious thirteen. She’s been in love with kick butt heroines ever since.



* * *



With her overactive imagination, and channeling her inner Buffy, it was only a matter a time before she started creating her own characters. Waiting for her chance at a job as a ninja assassin, Nana, meantime works out her drama, passion and sass with fictional characters every bit as sassy and kick butt as she thinks she is.



* * *



The books in her series have been on multiple Amazon Kindle and Barnes & Noble bestseller lists as well as the iTunes Breakout Books list and most notably the USA Today Bestseller list.



* * *



Until that ninja job comes through, you’ll find Nana working hard on additional books for her series as well as other fun, sassy romances for characters that won’t leave her alone. And if she’s not working or hiding in the closet reading, she’s acting out scenes for her husband, daughter and puppy in sunny San Diego.





@nanamalone

nanamalonewriter

www.nanamalone.com

nana@nanamaloneromance.com





